Dhanushkodi Raj Technology Analyst - Infosys Limited  Chennai, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dhanushkodi-Raj/cf31bbac6c5a5d29  A highly competent and results oriented Senior Automation Test Analyst with 9+ years of experience in Software Testing, Selenium Automation, Development, JAVA web projects, Team leading & training, Client facing. Proven ability in Selenium WebDriver Automated testing & Frameworks, Page Objects & Hybrid Frameworks, TDD, Gherkin language (BDD), Web testing, Functional testing, Performance & Load testing. Excellent experience in each phase of Test Life Cycle, Test strategies & Test plans, UAT. Solid experience of Software Development Life Cycles, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, JAVA, JUnit, Web Applications, JIRA, Maven, SQL, AGILE Methodologies, Scrum, LoadRunner, E-commerce/Financial domains, Automation & Testing tools.  • Excellent experience in automation of Web-based, Highly transactional and large Client/Server/ Multi-tier applications • Proven ability in writing Selenium Webdriver using JAVA, TestNG, JUnit, and Leading JAVA projects automation • Expertise on Manual testing of the applications • Solid experience on Selenium using Cucumber automation • Solid experience of AGILE Methodologies, AGILE Manifesto and Scrum processes • Solid experience of Defect/Test Management tools like JIRA, QualityCenter. • Proven skills in SQL, RDBMS and UNIX variant like LINUX • Expertise in writing SQL Queries, SQL Scripts and performing Database testing • Proven skills in Leading and training teams, Test Management and Meeting the deadlines • Strong communication & interaction with Clients, Developers, Business Analysts, Management • Strong experience of E-commerce, Financial, Banking, Insurance, Trading and Telecom domains • Proven ability in Windows/UNIX Commands, Scripts and testing on Windows/UNIX platforms • Proven ability in Working individually or as a part of team, Problem solving, Process improvement activities, Analytical skills, Reporting and Assisting to Manager  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technology Analyst  Infosys Limited -  June 2015 to Present  Project: Video Banking testing and Web Application testing for Barclays Bank Barclays Bank is one of the leading banks in the UK. Video Banking feature Barclays Video Banking lets you have a secure, confidential conversation with us. It's a convenient alternative to visiting a branch. Talk about account services; Ask mortgage-related questions; Have appointments with your Relationship Manager. Achievements: • Won Barclays Best Agile award for the year 2016 • Saved 30% time and cost of testing by automation using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, Cucumber • Increased productivity by 20% by effectively training, leading and managing the AGILE automation team  https://www.indeed.com/r/Dhanushkodi-Raj/cf31bbac6c5a5d29?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Achieved customer satisfaction and high quality by effective Automation testing, AGILE Processes Responsibilities: • Implemented automation using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, Cucumber, Maven. • Extensively automated regression and functional test suites by developing over 237 test cases, 6 test suites using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, JUnit. • Implemented Page Objects framework, Hybrid framework and 21 Page classes from scratch to represent web pages. • Developed Data Driven frameworks to retrieve test actions, test data from Excel files and SQL Databases. • Configured Maven for JAVA automation projects and developed Maven project object model (POM) • Developed BDD tests using Cucumber by writing behaviours and step definitions. Developed required Selenium support code in JAVA for Cucumber. • Wrote SQL queries extensively, queried database and generated test reports. Performed Purchase Orders Database testing by developing 14 SQL scripts. • Performed Defect Tracking & Management in JIRA. Generated automated daily reports using JIRA API. • Worked in a highly dynamic AGILE environment and participated in scrum and sprint meetings • Assisted Manager by providing automation strategies, Selenium/Cucumber Automation and JIRA reports. • Identified weaknesses in QA Processes, Web testing, Selenium Automation. Suggested & implemented improvements.  Tools/Environments: Selenium WebDriver, Maven, JAVA, TestNG, JIRA, HP QualityCenter, Confluence page, SQL, Oracle  Technology Analyst  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  January 2013 to June 2015  Project: Automation on Web Application for PGE project With the implementation of the new platform we did not see the uplift in call containment that was expected. Over the course of the year following deployment, several changes were made in an attempt to improve the containment rate. Based on the analysis done during this time we determined that moving away from the natural language speech platform and back to a directed dialog menu structure would get us back on Achievements: • Saved 20% of testing budget by automating Regression/Functional tests using Selenium WebDriver & Java Responsibilities: • Automated System testing for trading transactions, exchange operations and payment methods using Selenium WebDriver, Java. • Developed, executed and maintained over 182 Selenium automation scripts for trading web application. • Developed Hybrid automation framework Java by using Page Objects framework, Data Driven frameworks. Automated running smoke tests and build report generator for daily builds. • Developed 7 Java class libraries, 16 JUnit test scripts to test XML build data files.    • Performed Load and Stress testing by developing LoadRunner scripts to find out effective Web/ App server configurations for best performance levels. • Extensively performed Database testing using Selenium. Generated Production DB reports using SQL queries. • Provided different build reports, Selenium automation reports, Performance testing reports to Senior Management. • Worked effectively with Developers, AGILE Team, Project Management to achieve Selenium automation, high quality, release deadlines and QA processes improvements.  Tools/Environments: Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, Junit, Maven, JIRA, HP QualityCenter, MySQL  Software QA Engineer  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  June 2012 to December 2012  Project: Corporate e-banking system is a comprehensive corporate and small business banking solution providing a single unified view of the corporate banking relationships across asset and liability products, limits, trade finance and cash management. Corporate customers of the bank gain the flexibility to view details of each account, capability to make Inter-bank and Intra-bank payments, access to trade finance information and transactions, and the ability to perform cash management activities. This also supports comprehensive authorization workflow, Transaction Limits, Electronic Invoice Presentment and Payment (EIPP) and Corporate Administration.  It is also highly secure and provides support for different authentication mechanisms Responsibilities: • Involved in Automation Test Plan Preparation. • Test Design Based on the Use Case Specifications. • Generating Test Scenarios, Test case documentation and test data collection. • Involved in Tests Execution and Reporting Defects Using Sun-Tracker. • Responsible for GUI, Functional and System Testing. • Involved in Compatibility Testing. • Performed Database Testing using SQL in order to check the Data Validation and Data Integrity. • Involved Peer reviews (Test Design) • Clear look on updating concepts and finding defects, sending it with suggestions.  Tools/Environments: Java, Jboss, Oracle and Win2008, SunTracker  Software QA Engineer  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  October 2010 to May 2012  Project: Alert messaging is the process of reliably and securely circulating messages associated with an event to interested users. Due to the growth of Information Technology (IT) and telecommunications sectors in the recent past, the dissemination of alert messages has become prompt and easier. Since the existing business environment faces the challenge of reaching increasingly segmented markets, the design, delivery, and analysis of business communications needs to be tightly    integrated across multiple alert notification channels. Telecommunication channels through which subscribers can receive alert messages may include email, fax, text messaging, instant messaging, broadband network and the like. Due to myriad software applications implemented by businesses and the vast demographics of customers, it may become necessary to segment alert messages so that the messages can be sent through channels based on business needs as well as customer preferences. Further, in order to maintain strong customer relationships, businesses need to time the messages precisely. This brief illustrates how Alert Notification System (IANS) can help organization leverage existing infrastructure to better service their customers.  Achievements: • Won a performance certificates and given a bonus for outstanding performance • Received Onsite opportunity for supporting the production and DR environment at Saudi Arabia  Responsibilities: • Manual testing of the application, Single Point of contact for two of the clients. • Understood and prepared functional testcases for SMS Inbound with the provided requirements. • Completed the testbed setup and Functional Testing of the Inbound SMS. • Written two Jsps and two servlets for storing and retrieving the data from DB. Implemented the storing and retrieving of Data from DB in Struts concept • Successfully completed the testbed setup for all the Virtual machines allocated for the project. Helped the team for functional and performance testing. • Involved in Performance testing with 3 Virtual Machines setup using Jmeter (Distributed testing) • Developed the ANS Management console using Grails and Groovy. • Worked effectively in the development of 6 modules using Grails and Groovy.  Tools/Environments: Java, Servlets, Jsps, Grails and Groovy, Manual Testing using Soap UI, Jmeter, Performance testing.  Software Test Analyst  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  January 2009 to October 2010  Project: PoPs (Purchase order processing System) facilitates the function of buying materials / components / products / raw materials at economical cost in a timely manner. This will have broad functionalities of request handling, obtaining quotations including comparison, placing purchase orders and follow-up of purchase orders for timely deliveries, supplier information, vendor wise supply analysis, and purchase payments. This covers all type of Enquiry, Quotations, Comparisons, and Approval of Purchase order. Sending PO to Supplier, maintaining Bills. Responsibilities: • Understanding the Business Requirement Specifications. • Designing Test Cases, Execution of the test cases and reporting the bugs. • Conducted Functional testing with Valid and Invalid inputs for positive and negative testing. • Communicates with Functional Analyst on any issue clarifications. • Preparing Defect report as per severity and priority Active participation in Bug triage meetings. • Modifying the Tests and Conducting Regression Testing. • Participation in Test Closure activities.  Tools/Environments: VB.NET, SQL Server and Windows2008, Bugzilla    EDUCATION  Bachelor's in Computer Science  Sri Venkateshwara College of Engineering -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  2004 to 2008  SKILLS  TESTING (9 years), JAVA (3 years), JUNIT (2 years), ORACLE (2 years), API (1 year)  LINKS  https://www.linkedin.com/in/dhanushkodi-raj-a190a0155  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS Automation Testing Tools: Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Maven, Jenkins, Cyara Languages/Frameworks: JAVA, Data Driven, Hybrid, Page Object model, SOAP UI, JUnit, TestNG (TDD), Gherkin language (BDD), Cucumber, Log 4j Defect Tracking Tools: JIRA, HP ALM API Webservices Automation Skills: SOAP, REST, HttpClient, SOAP UI, XML, Jmeter, Postman Test Management Tools: HP ALM, Confluence page RDBMS: MySQL, Oracle, Mongo DB Source Control Management: SVN, GIT Operating Systems: Windows Domain Knowledge: E-commerce, Financial, Banking, Telecom, Billing  https://www.linkedin.com/in/dhanushkodi-raj-a190a0155
