Yasothai Jayaramachandran Lead Engineer - Automation & Testing  Chennai, TAMIL NADU, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yasothai-Jayaramachandran/ c36e76b64d9f477f  ❖ 4 years of experience in testing methodologies: Automation, Regression, Sanity and Manual. ❖ Hands-on experience in Selenium Webdriver with Python Automation. ❖ Skilled in IDE's Pycharm, Eclipse[Pydev plugin], Selenium for testing the web browser using Python. ❖ Expertise in developing automation scripts and testing various components. ❖ Skilled in providing effective and quality automation process. ❖ Hands-on experience in functional automation scripts using TCL Programming, Python. ❖ Experienced in planning, designing, developing and deploying testing strategies. ❖ Trained and worked closely along with developers and dev-test (manual) engineers for automation tasks. ❖ Good experience in reviewing the automated TCL, Python Scripts developed by the team members. ❖ Extracting data from excel and csv files, posting results in excel file with Python. ❖ Experience in Agile development -Played responsible role Scrum master for Automation.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Lead Engineer - Automation & Testing  Cisco Systems -  January 2014 to June 2015  DURATION Jan-2014 to Jun-2015 TEAM SIZE 20 ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Lead Engineer - Automation & Testing • Identified the cases for giving the support to the WAAS product with v6 addressing from the test plan • Played an active role - Scrum Master for the Automation. • Activity participated and organized the automation team to work on agile methodologies. • Prepared the HLD document for the automatable cases. • Automated around 1000+ cases in SNMP and Platform module. • Automated the basic sanity test cases and executing sanity testing for the v6 support. • Involved is regressing all the automated suites. • Performed regression for all the automated cases through ATS framework with aetest script template. • Reviewed the automated cases developed by team members. • Regression Testing • Defect filing in CDETS/Rally • Worked on Agile development methodologies  LANGUAGE TCL Programming, Python, Selenium  https://www.indeed.com/r/Yasothai-Jayaramachandran/c36e76b64d9f477f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Yasothai-Jayaramachandran/c36e76b64d9f477f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   RELEASES Hornet DESCRIPTION • IPv6, formerly named IPng (next generation), is the latest version of the Internet Protocol (IP). IP is a packet-based protocol used to exchange data, voice, and video traffic over digital networks • Cisco's Wide-Area Application Services IPv4 users can move to IPv6 and receive services such as end-to-end security, quality of service (QoS), and globally unique addresses. The IPv6 address space reduces the need for private addresses and Network Address Translation (NAT) processing by border routers at network edges. • Implementing basic IPv6 connectivity in the Cisco IOS software consists of assigning IPv6 addresses to individual router interfaces. The forwarding of IPv6 traffic can be enabled globally, and Cisco Express Forwarding switching for IPv6 can also be enabled • The primary motivation for IPv6 is the need to meet the demand for globally unique IP addresses. • Mainly involves to checks the functionality of all waas features to work with v6 addressing  PRODUCT IPv6 Support on WAAS (Wide Area Application Services)  PROJECT CISCO-WAAS Express (WEXP)  Member Technical Staff - Automation & Testing  Cisco Systems -  January 2013 to December 2013  DURATION Jan-2013 to December-2013 TEAM SIZE 21 ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Member Technical Staff - Automation & Testing • Identified the automatable cases from the test plan. • Prepared the HLD document for the automatable cases. • Automated test cases for various components on the wexp product for the functionality check. • Worked on Config_Sync, HTTP, HTTPS, SSL, SMB_AO component automation. • Automated around 200+ cases for various components. • Performed regression for all the automated cases through ATS framework with aetest script template. • Reviewed the automated cases developed by team members. • Involved in executing all the automated cases for various releases as Phase1, Phase2 (pi19-25) and posted results in TIMS tool. • Regression Testing • Defect filing in CDETS  LANGUAGE TCL Programming, Python RELEASES Phase1 &Phase2 (with 535) DESCRIPTION • Cisco's Wide-Area Application Services (WAAS) Express feature is a key component of the Cisco WAAS product portfolio. WAAS Express is a cost-effective, IOS-based, WAN optimization solution that increases the amount of available bandwidth for small-to-mid-size branch offices and remote locations, while accelerating TCP-based applications that operate in a WAN environment.    • The Wide-Area Application Services (WAAS) Express software optimizes TCP traffic flows across a WAN. WAAS Express integrates with native services such as security, NetFlow, and quality of service (QoS). WAAS Express provides the following benefits: ❖ Bandwidth optimization ❖ Application acceleration ❖ Increase in remote user productivity ❖ Interoperation with existing Cisco WAAS infrastructure ❖ Network transparency ❖ Deployment flexibility with on-demand service enablement • The Wexp is about the wide Area Application Service on IOS (Router) itself. • Mainly involves to checks the functionality of optimizing the various Ao's like HTTP, SSL, HTTPS, SMB and Config_sync.  PRODUCT WAAS Express(Wide Area Application Services)  PROJECT CISCO-WAAS CLIENT Cisco Systems ORGANISATION HCL Technologies Ltd  Software Engineer - Automation & Testing  -  June 2011 to December 2012  • Identified the automatable cases from the test plan. • Prepared the HLD document for the automatable cases. • Automated test cases for various components on the waas product for the functionality check. • Worked on Plaform, SNMP, SSL, HTTP component automation. • Automated around 600+ cases for various components. • Performed regression for all the automated cases through ATS framework with aetest script template. • Active Participation in automating test cases for sanity test. • Reviewed the automated cases developed by team members. • Involved in executing all the automated cases and reporting bugs/defects. • Worked on various releases of the products (Lancer, Phoenix, Skyhawk) for regressing the automated cases and posted results in TIMS tool. • Defect filing in CDETS  LANGUAGE TCL Programming, Python RELEASES LANCER, PHOENIX, SKYHAWK, SPRIT DESCRIPTION • Wide Area Application Services (WAAS) is a Cisco Systems technology that improves the performance of applications on a wide area network (WAN). WAAS combines Cisco's Wide Area File Services (WAFS-products allow remote office users to access and share files globally at LAN speeds over the WAN) with WAN optimization inside of a router, accelerating TCP-based applications on a given network. • WAAS system consists of a set of devices called wide area application engines (WAEs) that work together to optimize TCP traffic over your network. When client and server applications attempt    to communicate with each other, the network intercepts and redirects this traffic to the WAEs so that they can act on behalf of the client application and the destination server. • The WAEs examine the traffic and use built-in application policies to determine whether to optimize the traffic or allow it to pass through your network un optimized • Mainly involves optimizing the various Ao's like HTTP, SSL, HTTPS and functional wise platform check.  PRODUCT WAAS(Wide Area Application Services)  EDUCATION  B.E in CSE  ANNA University  2011  Day Adventist Matric Hr.Sec School  2005 to 2007  SKILLS  optimization (2 years), Python (4 years), router (4 years), TCL (4 years), Testing (4 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills Programming Languages Python, TCL, Power Query, SQL, Shell Scripting, C# Concepts Networking, WAAS (Wan Optimization), WAAS on Router, WAE(Wide Area Engine), WCCP Protocol, Automation Framework ATS (Automated Test System), Selenium Testing Framework IDE(Integrated Development Environment) Eclipse, Pycharm, Pydev[Plugin for eclipse IDE] Software Eclipse CDETS & Rally (Bug Tracking), eARMS (Regression testing), ACME(Versioning), TIMS(Reporting), HTMLTestRunner, Power Query(Automation), ARAS PLM(Product Lifecycle Management), AML Studio (adaptive markup language)  Operating Systems Windows XP/10, Linux
