Yathishwaran P Maximo Consultant - Infosys Limited  Namakkal, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yathishwaran-P/a9c8d42210af40b8  • Maximo Consultant in Infosys Limited, Chennai from August 2013 till date (around 4.8 years) • IT professional with 4.4 years of experience in BIRT reporting, application support in IBM MAXIMO Application. • IBM Certified MAXIMO ASSET MANAGEMENT, PURCHASE ORDER, PROCUREMENT, PURCHASE REQUISITION Professional • Submitted Internal tutorial document on Configuration of Hover Dialogs and Its usage in Maximo V7.6 • Worked on various customer requirements and having overall experience with ➢ Preventive Maintenance ➢ Maximo automation and implementation ➢ MBO customizations ➢ Data Supply chain ➢ Portals, Workflows Designing ➢ Reports/Query Creation ➢ Work order tracking, Invoicing, Purchase order ➢ Asset Management ➢ Maximo Integration Framework (MIF) ➢ Labors, Crews, Security Group Set up ➢ Domains, Database configuration ➢ Basics of BIRT, Cognos Reporting, Monitor logs from Admin console. ➢ Maximo Java customization ➢ Maximo Installation/Upgradation ➢ Basic WebSphere function  • Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work in team efficiently. Customer Service support experience in a helpdesk environment. • Strong dedication towards work to ensure delivery of projects according to the schedules. Proactively approached for delivering excellent customer service and liaising with stakeholders. • Ambitious, enthusiastic and highly motivated person with excellent problem solving skills and also having ability to quickly master new technologies and skills. • Maintains effective work behavior in the face of setbacks or pressure. Strong multi-tasking capability, target and deadline oriented. • Engaging and resilient communicator demonstrating influencing skills and an ability to adapt approaches to differing situations  Willing to relocate to: Chennai, Tamil Nadu - Mysore, Karnataka - Bengaluru, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Maximo Consultant  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  August 2013 to Present  https://www.indeed.com/r/Yathishwaran-P/a9c8d42210af40b8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   around 4.8 years) • IT professional with 4.4 years of experience in BIRT reporting, application support in IBM MAXIMO Application. • IBM Certified MAXIMO ASSET MANAGEMENT, PURCHASE ORDER, PROCUREMENT, PURCHASE REQUISITION Professional • Submitted Internal tutorial document on Configuration of Hover Dialogs and Its usage in Maximo V7.6 • Worked on various customer requirements and having overall experience with ➢ Preventive Maintenance ➢ Maximo automation and implementation ➢ MBO customizations ➢ Data Supply chain ➢ Portals, Workflows Designing ➢ Reports/Query Creation ➢ Work order tracking, Invoicing, Purchase order ➢ Asset Management ➢ Maximo Integration Framework (MIF) ➢ Labors, Crews, Security Group Set up ➢ Domains, Database configuration ➢ Basics of BIRT, Cognos Reporting, Monitor logs from Admin console. ➢ Maximo Java customization ➢ Maximo Installation/Upgradation ➢ Basic WebSphere function  • Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work in team efficiently. Customer Service support experience in a helpdesk environment. • Strong dedication towards work to ensure delivery of projects according to the schedules. Proactively approached for delivering excellent customer service and liaising with stakeholders. • Ambitious, enthusiastic and highly motivated person with excellent problem solving skills and also having ability to quickly master new technologies and skills. • Maintains effective work behavior in the face of setbacks or pressure. Strong multi-tasking capability, target and deadline oriented. • Engaging and resilient communicator demonstrating influencing skills and an ability to adapt approaches to differing situations  Role: Senior Systems Engineer • Working as Maximo Consultant for Bombardier Transportation, Canada  • Strong knowledge in Maximo configuration using Automation Scripting, Database configuration, Application Designer, Domains, Workflows and other major applications • Providing efficient solution for the issues related to Work orders, Asset configuration, Item Master, Preventive Maintenance, Inventory, Domain related issue • Thorough implementation, support knowledge of Bombardier Transportation Maximo version 4, 6, 7.1 and 7.6. • Having experience in Maximo Implementation, L2 and L3 support, and deployment activities • Having experience in Incident Management, Problem management, Change management, Service Request, and other applications. • Delivering 100% effectiveness in resolving ticket by ensuring compliance with client Service Level Agreements (SLAs)    • Developing Conditional Queries/Reports to verify the desired results. • Worked on various formal and informal production reports. • Created the template for maintaining the application maintenance activities. • Worked in many configuration management applications for asset management related activities for future implementation. • Working in 24*7 support. Resolved many critical issues which appreciated by client  BIRT Reports BTRAMR0001SYSER.rptdesign (Work order report): • My client was using default BTRAMR2 Work order reports. They also use a different work order report in Maximo V4 and V6. The earlier used report have many drawbacks such as  No Flexibility for modification since it is used by many divisions Empty boxes, lot of missing information Not align with Systems objectives and processes Historical context on the asset is missing Esthetical issues: Font too small, input fields not instinctive No bar coding used • The outcome of this report is a form to support technician's work and regulation and give them simplicity to input information. It covers the full spectra of requirements of System Services divisions. • This report is site specific one and it will display the WO details along with its task WOs and failure reporting information. • Each site is having their own logo. This current report will display the logo based on site. • It was implemented in V7.1 only. In V7.1 we do not have the option of auto resetting page numbers (i.e., while displaying multiple WOs, for each new WO page number will not be reset automatically) . I have implemented this option in this report. • Language Translation was used for this report in German and French • I did not use IBM templates for this report. I have customized our own template in this report.  BTRAMR0009.rptdesign (Availability Report):  • This particular report relates to the requirement of the business to be able to create a Availability Graph based on selected Train Assets, a timeframe and selected work types / work order parameters. • Availability can be calculated based on a Fleet or a single Train. The business requirement is to be able to select this base as needed to suit the project or view needed at that time.  BTRAMR0027.rptdesign (Card Stock Report): Existing report functionality: • Technician requiring a part will take the component in its bin along with an Inventory Card. The technician reports the consumption at the exit of the storeroom on the Kiosk computer where he scans its Work Order and the Inventory Card in the application Issue and Transfer of Maximo. When we rebuild something internally, the technician will bring the new assembly in store, grab the Inventory Card and he will report the return in store against the rebuilt Work order. Objectives: • Created a card stock report in order to match the existing Inventory Card tool developed by Systems. • Increase reporting of consumption    • Redefine the process of cycle count (80% efficiency in Systems) • The report will be based on inventory information and will introduce the notion of real time to increase precision  BTRAMR0001SBB.rptdesign (Report Change): • The report BTRAMR0001SBB was developed for the European project. It is based on the BTRAMR0001MLM report and currently uses only launch option 2 and 3 of the BTRAMR0001MLM report. The client requested to have option 1 (type=1) of the BTRAMR0001MLM implemented in the BTRAMR0001SBB report as well as the translation of the labels from French to English. Objectives: • To have define the type=1, report definition for BTRAMR0001SBB • To have the labels translated from French to English  BTRAMR0002.rptdesign (Systems Purchase Requisition Report):  • The current PR report does not have bar-coding feature and is formatted too small. This is an operational report; it will be used in real time. • Have a common and standardized PR report across all Systems services sites with the support of bar-coding  Incident Management Solution report: • The report displays the overall ticket progress. It shows count of tickets raised and assigned to both Infosys and Client queue. We can view the total no. of tickets raised for various application groups such as Maximo, Kronos and BIEM. It also further categories the ticket count based on ticket priority and the status. This helps in analyzing the data from ticketing tool. • There might be cases where different teams work on the tickets raised. This reports helps to analyses the team wise ticket count. We can there by monitor the performance of various teams. • This report displays the number of Incidents and Service Requests logged in each month. Also it shows total tickets (Incidents + Service requests) logged in each month. • This Report shows the number of tickets logged per country and it has been grouped month wise for various application groups such as Maximo, Kronos and BIEM within a date range.  Vend_Reported_hrs. rptdesign (Vendor Reported Hours): • This report will fetch the details of vendor type labor working hours for each WOs.  Role: Quality Anchor • Working as Quality Anchor for my team, which involves creating defect prevention analysis, tracking all the works and auditing for quality • Providing Statistics about the monthly activities done by the team • From defect prevent analysis focus on specific topic and conducting brainstorming session with team to avoid the defects • Responsible for gathering the requirements from Client and participate in Client Conferences. • Divide the requirements into various sprints based on the velocity. • Distribute the requirements to the team and monitor the development progress and provide clarification on the technical/functional requirements. • Mentor for the new members joining the team.  Other Job Related Activities:    • Successfully Completed Training in Design Thinking course and Kronos tool which keeps tracks on Work force management.  Maximo consultant  Infosys Limited  around 4.8 years) • IT professional with 4.4 years of experience in BIRT reporting, application support in IBM MAXIMO Application. • IBM Certified MAXIMO ASSET MANAGEMENT, PURCHASE ORDER, PROCUREMENT, PURCHASE REQUISITION Professional • Submitted Internal tutorial document on Configuration of Hover Dialogs and Its usage in Maximo V7.6 • Worked on various customer requirements and having overall experience with ➢ Preventive Maintenance ➢ Maximo automation and implementation ➢ MBO customizations ➢ Data Supply chain ➢ Portals, Workflows Designing ➢ Reports/Query Creation ➢ Work order tracking, Invoicing, Purchase order ➢ Asset Management ➢ Maximo Integration Framework (MIF) ➢ Labors, Crews, Security Group Set up ➢ Domains, Database configuration ➢ Basics of BIRT, Cognos Reporting, Monitor logs from Admin console. ➢ Maximo Java customization ➢ Maximo Installation/Upgradation ➢ Basic WebSphere function  • Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work in team efficiently. Customer Service support experience in a helpdesk environment. • Strong dedication towards work to ensure delivery of projects according to the schedules. Proactively approached for delivering excellent customer service and liaising with stakeholders. • Ambitious, enthusiastic and highly motivated person with excellent problem solving skills and also having ability to quickly master new technologies and skills. • Maintains effective work behavior in the face of setbacks or pressure. Strong multi-tasking capability, target and deadline oriented. • Engaging and resilient communicator demonstrating influencing skills and an ability to adapt approaches to differing situations  Role: Senior Systems Engineer • Working as Maximo Consultant for Bombardier Transportation, Canada  • Strong knowledge in Maximo configuration using Automation Scripting, Database configuration, Application Designer, Domains, Workflows and other major applications • Providing efficient solution for the issues related to Work orders, Asset configuration, Item Master, Preventive Maintenance, Inventory, Domain related issue    • Thorough implementation, support knowledge of Bombardier Transportation Maximo version 4, 6, 7.1 and 7.6. • Having experience in Maximo Implementation, L2 and L3 support, and deployment activities • Having experience in Incident Management, Problem management, Change management, Service Request, and other applications. • Delivering 100% effectiveness in resolving ticket by ensuring compliance with client Service Level Agreements (SLAs) • Developing Conditional Queries/Reports to verify the desired results. • Worked on various formal and informal production reports. • Created the template for maintaining the application maintenance activities. • Worked in many configuration management applications for asset management related activities for future implementation. • Working in 24*7 support. Resolved many critical issues which appreciated by client  BIRT Reports BTRAMR0001SYSER.rptdesign (Work order report): • My client was using default BTRAMR2 Work order reports. They also use a different work order report in Maximo V4 and V6. The earlier used report have many drawbacks such as  No Flexibility for modification since it is used by many divisions Empty boxes, lot of missing information Not align with Systems objectives and processes Historical context on the asset is missing Esthetical issues: Font too small, input fields not instinctive No bar coding used • The outcome of this report is a form to support technician's work and regulation and give them simplicity to input information. It covers the full spectra of requirements of System Services divisions. • This report is site specific one and it will display the WO details along with its task WOs and failure reporting information. • Each site is having their own logo. This current report will display the logo based on site. • It was implemented in V7.1 only. In V7.1 we do not have the option of auto resetting page numbers (i.e., while displaying multiple WOs, for each new WO page number will not be reset automatically) . I have implemented this option in this report. • Language Translation was used for this report in German and French • I did not use IBM templates for this report. I have customized our own template in this report.  BTRAMR0009.rptdesign (Availability Report):  • This particular report relates to the requirement of the business to be able to create a Availability Graph based on selected Train Assets, a timeframe and selected work types / work order parameters. • Availability can be calculated based on a Fleet or a single Train. The business requirement is to be able to select this base as needed to suit the project or view needed at that time.  BTRAMR0027.rptdesign (Card Stock Report): Existing report functionality: • Technician requiring a part will take the component in its bin along with an Inventory Card. The technician reports the consumption at the exit of the storeroom on the Kiosk computer where    he scans its Work Order and the Inventory Card in the application Issue and Transfer of Maximo. When we rebuild something internally, the technician will bring the new assembly in store, grab the Inventory Card and he will report the return in store against the rebuilt Work order. Objectives: • Created a card stock report in order to match the existing Inventory Card tool developed by Systems. • Increase reporting of consumption • Redefine the process of cycle count (80% efficiency in Systems) • The report will be based on inventory information and will introduce the notion of real time to increase precision  BTRAMR0001SBB.rptdesign (Report Change): • The report BTRAMR0001SBB was developed for the European project. It is based on the BTRAMR0001MLM report and currently uses only launch option 2 and 3 of the BTRAMR0001MLM report. The client requested to have option 1 (type=1) of the BTRAMR0001MLM implemented in the BTRAMR0001SBB report as well as the translation of the labels from French to English. Objectives: • To have define the type=1, report definition for BTRAMR0001SBB • To have the labels translated from French to English  BTRAMR0002.rptdesign (Systems Purchase Requisition Report):  • The current PR report does not have bar-coding feature and is formatted too small. This is an operational report; it will be used in real time. • Have a common and standardized PR report across all Systems services sites with the support of bar-coding  Incident Management Solution report: • The report displays the overall ticket progress. It shows count of tickets raised and assigned to both Infosys and Client queue. We can view the total no. of tickets raised for various application groups such as Maximo, Kronos and BIEM. It also further categories the ticket count based on ticket priority and the status. This helps in analyzing the data from ticketing tool. • There might be cases where different teams work on the tickets raised. This reports helps to analyses the team wise ticket count. We can there by monitor the performance of various teams. • This report displays the number of Incidents and Service Requests logged in each month. Also it shows total tickets (Incidents + Service requests) logged in each month. • This Report shows the number of tickets logged per country and it has been grouped month wise for various application groups such as Maximo, Kronos and BIEM within a date range.  Vend_Reported_hrs. rptdesign (Vendor Reported Hours): • This report will fetch the details of vendor type labor working hours for each WOs.  Role: Quality Anchor • Working as Quality Anchor for my team, which involves creating defect prevention analysis, tracking all the works and auditing for quality • Providing Statistics about the monthly activities done by the team • From defect prevent analysis focus on specific topic and conducting brainstorming session with team to avoid the defects • Responsible for gathering the requirements from Client and participate in Client Conferences.    • Divide the requirements into various sprints based on the velocity. • Distribute the requirements to the team and monitor the development progress and provide clarification on the technical/functional requirements. • Mentor for the new members joining the team.  Other Job Related Activities: • Successfully Completed Training in Design Thinking course and Kronos tool which keeps tracks on Work force management.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communication in Electronics and Communication  Nandha Engineering College -  Erode, Tamil Nadu  2012  Secondary Education  Government Boys Higher Secondary School -  Pallipalayam, Namakkal, IN  2008  SKILLS  CODA (4 years), Cognos (4 years), Database (4 years), Eclipse (Less than 1 year), IBM COGNOS (4 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills: Reporting Tools BIRT, Cognos (Basics) Database Oracle  Operating Systems Windows Languages SQL, JavaScripting Web Technologies Tools HTML SQL Developer, Eclipse
