Girish Acharya Technical Architect & Sr. Software Engineer  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23  I would like to describe myself as a hard-core software engineer and technical architect passionate for technology and someone who loves to take challenges head-on. I have been using combined engineering principles wherein I was responsible for designing, developing, testing, deploying and monitoring highly scalable distributed applications and services.   While I have always been working using Microsoft technologies, I got chance to work for Microsoft in as a full-time employee last year. My focus as part of this role was as a Dev Ops/Site Reliability Engineer. The main requirement of this role was to keep-lights-on in all data centers for Windows Developer Center. While Service Engineering aspect was the main requirement, I used my technical architect and software tools for inside-out and outside-in monitoring and telemetry.   As a technical architect, I have worked in Accenture for about 7+ years. My role @ Microsoft account was to demonstrate technical leadership, design technical architecture, propose and introduce standard design and architectural patterns and practices, incorporate new requirements and feedbacks from client and execute multiple quick prototypes. As part of this role – I architected Microsoft IT’s (MSIT) biggest Platform As A Service (PaaS) solution back in the days.  I have executed multiple client facing projects wherein I was responsible for designing, architecting the compute, storage, application and deployment architecture. I have experience in designing and architecting systems for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP/ DR strategies). I have designed and architected solutions for “Testing in production”. I have experience in designing and architecting for extremely high scale (~ 3 billion requests/day). I have designed and implemented auto healing, smooth traffic routing and eventual consistency in multiple client facing projects.   I am in the Information Technology industry since 2001 working for various software organizations in India for 4 years till I joined Accenture in 2006. I came to USA in 2010 and was working as consultant for Microsoft. I joined Microsoft in May 2015 as a full-time employee. I earned my Electronics Engineering degree in year 2000, Diploma in Advance Computing degree in year 2001 and completed Microsoft Certified Professional Developer and Enterprise Architect certification (MCPDEA) in year 2007. I am also Microsoft Azure Certified Developer and Architect.   I am frequent community contributor. I blog at http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/   I have worked and published an asset called Framework for Ops Team considering Windows Azure and it was very well received by the clients and appreciated by the managers.  I wrote a white paper related to AppFabric Service Bus which got published in MSDN.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  https://www.indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Architect  Accenture Services -  Pune, Maharashtra  Software Engineer 2  Microsoft -  Redmond -  June 2016 to February 2017  Engagement and monetization (Microsoft – Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016– Recently   〓 Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools – SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions   〓 Roles Played:  o Technical architect  o Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture  o Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) o Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) o Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern  o Designing and developing for monitoring  〓 Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging  〓 Design and develop synthetic web tests 〓 Design and develop watchdogs  o Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai  o Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers  o Firefighting drills and actual firefighting  o Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving  o Capacity monitoring and management  o Code reviews  o Implemented the security architecture  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in Microsoft  C-DAC    SKILLS  Azure (8 years), Asp.Net (8 years), C# (9 years), Web API (6 years), Sql (6 years), Technical Architect (5 years), Automation Testing (5 years)  LINKS  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/  https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Enterprise Architect  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Expertise  *Technical Architecture, Microsoft Azure Platform, Microsoft .NET Platform, C#, ASP.NET*  * Designing/Architecting/Building/Testing/Deploying apps/APIs using Windows Azure, SQL Azure, Azure Storage, REST/WCF, AppFabric Cache, Service Bus, Topic and Subscription, Access Control Services from last 7 years. * Azure Application Architecture: Web Role, Worker Role, VM Role, admin mode, start-up tasks integrating with on premise services using App Fabric Service Bus * Azure Security Architecture: Web Role security using SSL, WCF Security using certificates, Data Encryption using certificates, Authentication using ADFS/STS, Single sign on using ACS. Participated in ACE reviews, and provisioned related documentation/code * Azure Operations Architecture: Logging and monitoring using Windows Azure Diagnostics, integration with AVICode, SCOM, disaster recovering and business continuity planning and implementation, automated builds and deployments. * Azure Data Architecture: Understands SQL Azure, Windows Azure Storage (Tables, Blobs, Queues), Document DB, SQL Azure Data Sync, SQL Azure Federation etc. * Deployment Architecture: Continuous integration and deployment. Auto Build, Deployment using Service Management APIs and PowerShell cmdlets * Akamai - design and implement traffic management, caching using Akamai * Azure traffic manager, CDNs, Azure Data Factory, Auto Scaling * Deployment automation and synthetic monitoring using application insights * Developing end to end APIs and applications using ASP.NET Web Forms, ASP.NET MVC, Web API * Performance Testing: Performance, scalability testing using Visual Studio * Automated Testing: Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, Jmeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT * Big Data: Architected and developed a big solution using Windows Azure HD Insight, Hive queries  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure   Projects Undertaken Engagement and monetization (Microsoft - Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016- Recently  * Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions  * Roles Played:  ◦ Technical architect ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) ◦ Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern ◦ Designing and developing for monitoring * Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging * Design and develop synthetic web tests * Design and develop watchdogs ◦ Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai ◦ Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers ◦ Firefighting drills and actual firefighting ◦ Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving ◦ Capacity monitoring and management ◦ Code reviews ◦ Implemented the security architecture  Channel inclusion Services - (CIS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Sep 2012- June 2015  Synopsis:  CIS is bunch of REST, SOAP services exposed to around 250+ partners dealing with end-to-end retail workflow for around 2 million transactions/day. Microsoft uses these services to distribute the digital goods (Windows, Office and so on.) . It also takes care of the brick and mortar scenario where in customers walk into the shop to buy Microsoft products &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure - Web Roles, Worker Roles, ASP.NET Web API, ASP.NET MVC and Web Forms, WCF, Service Bus, Azure Storage ◦ SQL Azure, HD Insight, Azure Scheduler ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter, RhinoMock * Roles Played:    ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing, monitoring and improving code coverage, building test case and bugs /defects reports ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Designing and architecting service/api specifications and contracts ◦ Designing and architecting for high scale ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Implementing (developing, testing and monitoring) highly scalable, distributed services ◦ Senior developer consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests, monitoring and improving code coverage ◦ Building test plans, test strategy ◦ Code reviews Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  Microsoft Store - Commerce Broker Services (CBS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Nov 2011 - Till Sep 2012  Synopsis:  CBS is Service Oriented middle tier component which is responsible for communicating with Microsoft Store front end web site and down-stream systems (SAP, Fulfillment, Payment Gateway etc.) &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure Queues, Service Bus Topics and subscriptions ◦ WCF ◦ WCF Workflow Services ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter * Roles Played:  ◦ Building test plans, test cases, bugs reports, test strategy ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing ◦ Senior consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests ◦ Code reviews ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  BCWeb Wrap Migration to Windows Azure Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: VLIT Jan 2011 - Oct 2011  Case Study Featured on TechNet    Synopsis:  BCWeb is a Windows Azure ASP.NET Web Role application; authenticated against STS using Federation services that provide a set of Web forms that help capture price exception details, information on business case for doing discounts on price lists, and helps calculate percentage of discount. It uses the ASP.NET connector and custom Web services to pull real-time price information from SAP, and provides sales executives with a light front-end to SAP. BCWeb helps simulate pricing discounts, manage business rules, customize routing and approval workflows, and update the LOB data stored in SAP. One of the major goals of this system is to improve field productivity by simplifying the process and removing training requirements for complex back-end systems, in this case SAP. BCWeb integrates different promotion types into a simplified Web-application. It also allows users to specify business rules using Excel 2007 files and to get notifications in Outlook 2007. Additional goals of this system include: • Reduce revenue leakage by having a business case documented for each promotion field. • Obtain visibility decisions and understand who required a discount and why. • Understand promotion effectiveness and ensure the field is making informed decisions. • Provide a configurable set of files to easily change empowerment guidelines by having a single master data of workflow routing and approvals. • Specific business process in price-execution domain, however, pattern addresses larger solutions space. * Roles Played:  ◦ Responsible for technical architecture ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture ◦ Work Estimation and migration assessment ◦ Key Contributor as Windows Azure Developer, Analyst  Origin Digital Cloud Coder Client: Origin Digital Jan 2010 - May 2010  Featured on MSDN  Synopsis:  Origin Digital, a video application service provider that aggregates, transcodes, manages and distributes the digital media files. As part of the business need, they wanted to increase transcoding throughput without increasing capital expense.  As part of the solutioning, the onshore technical architect along with IDC development team put together an approach that allowed - Process intensive digital video transcoding service to-run-on Azure Platform leveraging cloud's real-time scalability and compute capacity. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) offering. - Secure all business sensitive information by using On-premise data storage through Azure - An administration module to support Platform as a Service (PaaS) was developed.  The team completed the whole migration activity in 6 weeks using Agile methodology and managed to showcase it successfully in Microsoft PDC 2009 at Los Angeles. The solution resulted in reducing the compute costs by half.    * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Over all Application and Data architecture ◦ Designing Auto Scaling Engine (Rules Based) ◦ Leading a team to do daily integration test on cloud ◦ Designing classes/database/user interface. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedure on cloud.  Claims FNOL Client: StateFarm  May 2009 - Aug 2009  Synopsis:  FNOL (First Notice of Loss) is the front end for Insurance Company employees to log the insurance claims. It implements AICS framework which is exposed for other companies to use on Azure as SaaS/multi-tenant (Software-as-service) service.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Overall Application Architect ◦ Security and database architect  Postal Return Solutions Client: USPS Oct 2009 - Nov 2009  Vision - Electronic Recycling Return Solution to companies which would like to offer a recycling capability on their web sites (like- HP, Dell etc.) - Merchandise Return Solutions for large e-Commerce customers (like- Landsend, Amazon etc) - Parcel Return Solutions to its business partners (like-UPS, FedEx etc.), who would like to leverage USPS provided return solutions.  Approach - Using Silverlight, create rich web-based user interface for calling Electronic Merchandise Return Service Web Tools. - UI should facilitate printing and emailing EMR Labels.  Scope - Create shipping return labels using USPS's 'Electronic Merchandise Return Solution' for key partners (like Dell, WM) that participate in product recycling programs. It involves utilizing USPS public APIs; expand functionality of existing application to create this shipping capability on Windows Azure Platform.    * Technologies used: Silverlight, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Overall Application Architect  What's new @ (SaaS, Multi-Tenant mobile application) Client: Starbucks, Coca Cola  Vision - Content Admin (Publisher) prepares and distributes the content to the employees of the organization. - Employees by using the mobile based application forward the content on social networking sites like Twitter, Facebook etc. - Once the users within the network of the employees view/share the content forward, using analytics capture the view/share count. - Branding done using dynamically loading CSSs.  Approach - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for mobile application. - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for publishers. - Use Google, Facebook, BitLy and Twitter analytics to capture the view/share counts.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF, Google Analytics, Facebook APIs, Twitter APIS etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Offshore Technical Architect  GCP Tracker Client: Accenture Internal June2008-Dec 2008  Synopsis:  GCP (Global career program) is a workflow based tool intended to track employees going on onsite assignment for more than 6 months. The GCP process starts when DU Lead nominates an employee for onsite assignment and ends when employee comes back to home location. It caters to all GCP processes involved at home country as well as processes involved at Host country.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 2.0, SQL 2005, Windows Workflow Foundation * Roles Played: ◦ Offshore Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Designing solution with the help of Senior Architects. ◦ Designing integration interface ◦ Was responsible for drawing/ implementing complex workflow using WF. ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedures.    Abacus DSM Client: Accenture Internal June2006-June 2008  Synopsis: Abacus Demand Supply Management was developed for Accenture HR/Scheduling/Sales teams by CIO (Chief Information Office)  * Technologies used: ASP.Net, SQL 2005  * Roles Played: ◦ Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Talking/calling/interviewing clients to gather requirements. Documenting it. Getting sign-off on it. ◦ Coordinating Internal, User Acceptance, Integration and Performance Testing. ◦ Leading Production Support team. ◦ Build Manager.  CFE Client: Bombay Stock Exchange October 2005 - June 2006  Synopsis:  CFE system (Common Front End System) is a trading platform for member (and traders of members) of BSE to trade in Multi exchange, Multi segments for trader authentication developed by CMC Ltd. It is designed to facilitate Members with centralized access rights management (has inbuilt Risk Management Server) and enable member to have a centralized Client-level Risk Management at the Broker Office, wherein the risk for a client will be checked across all traders associated with the broker for trading carried out in all segments and on any of the exchanges, centrally at one location.  * Technologies used: Windows Forms (using C#), MS SQL * Roles Played: Dev Lead, Technical Architect, Requirements gathering and analysis, Design, CMM-i documentation, writing BRS, FSD, and Program Specs etc.  Bond Clinician Client: Bond Technologies November 2004 - October 2005  Synopsis:  Clinician is a complete healthcare solution for any clinic and hospital. It has got interface both for Patients and doctors/physician. It has the capability of generating all sorts of lab reports etc and has a full-fledged Document Management System wherein clinics can maintain and scan all documents and reports in the scanned format. It also uses the third-party interface for Health Insurance.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net web forms (using VB.Net), MS SQL, MSMQ * Roles Played: Developer, Database Design, Implementation and Testing
