Ram Dubey Sales Manager  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ram-Dubey/93886b977c5562ff  Seeking assignments in Sales & Marketing/Business Planning with an organization of repute and looking forward for a challenging assignment, wherein my experience and skills are used optimally and work in dynamic market field contributing substantial to the growth of the organization and carve career path for myself in an aggressive and fast growing organization.  Career Contour  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Manager  Lodha Developers -  June 2015 to May 2016  Responsibilities: • To consistently evaluate market trends and competitor moves to protect existing sales and maximize future sales opportunities. • Developing & implementing competitive plans for generating sales and expanding market share; bringing out USP of all Real Estate Products to achieve higher sales realisation value • Driving business volumes through analysis of latest trends and velocities; conducting analysis of sales trends & identifying sales techniques that target the right market with the right tools • Working closely with Marketing, Customer Care and Strategy Department for ensuring smooth sales operations • Participating in strategic planning, target setting and customer care; implementing policies that foster earnings growth and enhance customer satisfaction • Facilitating delivery of targeted top line as per projects' business plan by consistently achieving the sales targets • Supervising launch of major projects and leading various verticals towards achieving desired targets • Assessing business performance, collating details and preparing reports for review by Senior Management • Participating actively in high velocity sales scenarios and driving project launches across all segments • Designing and implementing systems, processes and procedures to facilitate smooth functioning of sales operations and enhance operational efficacy • Tracking competition & real estate market movement; evolving sales strategies in-line with the current market scenarios • Maintain relationships with Partners (brokers/ property consultants) to ensure market penetration in the region  EDUCATION  Post Graduate Diploma in Business Administration  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ram-Dubey/93886b977c5562ff?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Welingkar Institute of Management  Bachelors in Arts  Ranchi University -  Ranchi, Jharkhand  CBSE  Bihar Board -  Ranchi, Jharkhand  SKILLS  MARKETING (Less than 1 year), OPERATIONS (Less than 1 year), ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), BANKING OPERATIONS (Less than 1 year), CLIENTS (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILL SET Banking Operations: • Handling banking operations related to determining financial objectives, preparing & implementing systems, policies & procedures for streamlining the banking operations. • Supervising financial restructuring / re-engineering to attain sustainability of various projects. • KYC processing for Individuals and Non- Individuals  Savings Account Management & Relationship Management: • Managing over 200 set of mapped Savings account Clients  3) Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd. from 15th July 2008 to 31st July 2012  Role: My role was to promote and acquisition of Platinum Royale Signature Card & Platinum League Card and generate business.  Position: Assistant Manager Responsibilities: • Recruit Train and Motivate the team constantly to achieve the targets set. • Create Brand Image for the Product across the market. • To generate qualified leads/Opportunities through different modes of marketing. • Create a pattern for the entire month activities and ensure strict compliance and discipline. • Continuously get the calls made from Executives and Tele-Calling Unit to reach the right person in the client organisations & generate leads. • Prospect the customer to the stage of qualified lead. • Co-ordinating over Leads and ensuring their conversion. • Organize promotional activities and ensure High Attention and Awareness • Ensure marketing material is well disseminated.
