Akshay Gandhi Country Sales Manager-Middle East & India - Omni Channel Solutions  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Akshay-Gandhi/02e5d183da35147e  • Business Leader with over 17+ years of work experience across Middle East, India & APAC. • Professional serving a leadership position with increasing levels of complexity and scope • Key Account Management of large Enterprises with complex organization structures.  • Customer-focused and demonstrated ability to design business strategies, transform & execute the strategies, manage business assignments, build relationships, communicate solution strategy and product offerings to customers. • Ability to engage with senior management at CXO level • Passionate, expressive & sensitive to team members, colleagues & surroundings. • Collaborative team player, pro-active and self-starter, ability to set goals and achieve desired results in a stringent time frame. • Motivated achiever, who exceeds goals, has been promoted regularly & earned highest customer satisfaction.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Country Sales Manager-Middle East & India  ETP International -  Mumbai -  June 2010 to Present  o Responsible for revenue from Middle East & India existing customers to grow the Digital Businesses using Omni Channel Solutions o Owner of entire Customer Enlightenment process from mining accounts to delivery to Customer Support o Develop & sustain long lasting & successful business relationships with customers o Consistent record of building great sales teams, increasing revenue o 100% track record for customer retention for more than a decade  Business Development Manager  Dewsoft Solutions, KL (Malaysia) -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  April 2005 to June 2010  o Managed complete business development viz. pre-sales, sales & marketing and account management. o Collaborated with clients' team to define corporate strategy based on business goals and strategic initiatives; developed creative and profitable solutions for internal/external clients. o Capable of taking a large conceptual problem or project, break it into components,  https://www.indeed.com/r/Akshay-Gandhi/02e5d183da35147e?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   establish plans and a critical path, achieve incremental goals and deliver project on time and in budget. o Collaborated with customers, business partners, and internal constituencies to ensure successful implementation of solutions. o Mentored end-to-end Market Research projects in the Oil & Gas, Health Care and Retail industry. o Organized IT recruitments. Conducted interviews to select appropriate candidates for business development.  2. Transworks Information System, Mumbai, India (Jan 2004 - April 2005)  Web-Associate  -  January 2004 to April 2005  o Responsible for interacting with customers' and assisting them in resolving their queries. o Documented procedures, logical steps and strategic controls with compliance of COPC guidelines to prevent operational risks and exposure. o Integrated manual spreadsheet driven process to automated Customer Relationship Management process by working with Center Manager and the technical team. o Handled audit for COPC certification audit. This included presenting the COPC concept to the employees to bring awareness about the certification of business process requirements, arranging demonstrations and defining discrepancies as per COPC guidelines. Assisted both internal and external auditors during their audit.  Sales Manager  Gold Electro Plating Works -  May 2001 to December 2003  o Developed & implemented successfully 4 P's of marketing at the organization. o Involved in formulation and implementation of the sales strategy. o Designing periodic reports for Sales Volume, Profits and future business scope. o Addressing profitability policy issues to the management committee by providing policy analysis with recommendations.  EDUCATION  Certificate of Appreciate  Narsee Mongee Institute of Management Studies and Research (NMIMS) -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2016  MBA in Marketing  ICFAI University    2010  Diploma in Management Studies  Business Management (DBM)- Narsee Mongee Institute of Management Studies and Research -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2003  Diploma in Software Engineering in ADSE  Aptech Computer Education -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2002  Bachelor of Science in Physics & Electronics  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2001  SKILLS  Customer Experience Management (10+ years), Key Account Management (10+ years)
