Aakash Dodia Service Delivery Manager - Indusind bank  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Aakash-Dodia/44553470566ac213  Operations  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Service Delivery Manager  Indusind bank -  September 2017 to Present  • Assisting customers in day-to-day queries. • Responsible for Sales of banking products (CASA / NRE / NRO / FD / CC / Home Loan LAP / LAS / MF / Insurance) of branch • Servicing walk-in-customers, handling queries, information on different products and services, actively working on operation processes of the bank. • Handling General Banking operations related at the branch. DODIAAAKASH@GMAIL.COM • Looking after client servicing at the branch lobby • Checking KYC documents on new client Account opening forms. • Onboarding of new acquired clients through welcome call and audit on sales process. • Managing TAT for all service & operational transactions +91 9821 74 21 89 • Activation of clients on net banking and other non-branch channels. +91 9869 66 76 03 • Business lead generation and passing to relevant sales channel.  Assistant Sales Manager  Bajaj Finserv Pvt. Ltd -  January 2017 to September 2017  OBJECTIVE • Approve loans within specified limits, and refer loan applications outside those limits to management for approval. To develop knowledge and skill by • Analyze applicants' financial status, credit, and property evaluations to determine applying existing knowledge with the feasibility of granting loans. motive of achieving growth in highly • Explain to customers the different types of loans and credit options that are esteemed organization. Seeking a available, as well as the terms of those services. challenging position within a progressive environment with an • Review loan agreements to ensure that they are complete and accurate according to policy. opportunity for professional growth  https://www.indeed.com/r/Aakash-Dodia/44553470566ac213?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   based on performance and • Stay abreast of new types of loans and other financial services and products in accomplishments order to better meet customers' needs.  Sales Marketing Trainee  Innovator Web Solution Pvt. Ltd -  August 2016 to January 2017  EDUCATION  Post Graduate Diploma in Management  Welinkar's Institute of Management -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  English, Hindi  ICSI  MBA in Development and Research  Welingkar Institute of Management  management skills  SKILLS  Communication operation  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  • Working as marketing executive handling clients and sales department and other responsibilities which includes customer support. • Logical Thinking • Converting prospective sales leads and marketing leads to Customers • Problem Solving • Marketing Report Generation • Negotiations • Creating Power Point Presentations • MS Office Taj Mahal Vision Chemicals Pvt. Ltd Nov 15 - Aug 16 Marketing Executive • Public Speaking • Writing • Worked as Senior Administrator my job responsibilities included E-commerce, logistics coordination, legal aspects, dealing with banks and third parties. • Communication • Track Inward & Outward remittance • Conflict Resolution • Goods in Receipt and coordinate with Cargo Vendors • Liaise with Chartered Accountants
