Wilfred Anthony Assistant Manager Operations having 16 years of total job experience.  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Wilfred-Anthony/ faae122536094402  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Assistant Manager Operations  Cambist Consultants -  November 2011 to Present  Conduct interview, recruit & train telecallers, Relationship Managers, Team Leaders, etc. Buffer management, planning of backfill batches, etc. Performance management and creating robust development plans for all the team members, to ensure their personal and professional goals are met. · Work out on the target assigned and find the best possible means of achieving it. Ensuring targets are met on a month on month basis. Making action plans in case of failure in achievement of targets after analyzing the reasons for non- achievement. · MIS and Analysis – Produce daily, weekly & monthly reports/analysis for the collection team, tracking PTP follow up status, target vs actual & other reports & presentations. · Receive payments and post amounts paid to customer accounts. Locate and monitor overdue accounts. Record information about financial status of customers and status of collection efforts. Ensuring quick resolution to escalated cases. · Locate and notify customers of delinquent accounts by mail, telephone or personal visits in order to solicit payments. Trace delinquent customers to new addresses by inquiring neighboring companies at old address, tracking the new address in the search portal, etc. · Determine reasons for overdue payments and review the terms of sales and service. Advise customers of necessary actions and strategies for debt repayment. Arrange for debt repayment or establish repayment schedules, based on customers' financial situations. Negotiate credit extensions when necessary. · Notify recovery team, order service disconnection, when customers fail to respond to collection attempts. · Conduct regular audits to ensure productivity as per the service agreement and check if all the processes and guidelines are adhered. Analyze reports (quality & quantity) of each telecallers & RMs and give inputs to the respective team leaders for improvements. Gathering and imparting product knowledge to the team members on new products or processes. · Perform various administrative functions for assigned accounts, such as recording address changes, delivering bills, payment pick up, raising waivers wherever required, etc.  · Achievement of budgetary measurements and maximizing revenue generation by effective expense management. Review the existing training methodology & make changes to improve the same. Liaise with the client to get it implemented. · Analyze the existing processes (both intra & inter departmental) and identify areas of improvement. Highlight & take them up with the concerned teams for resolution. · Work out team motivational activities for improved performance within the set budget.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Wilfred-Anthony/faae122536094402?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Wilfred-Anthony/faae122536094402?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   · Responsible for day-to-day operations and thereby ensure its smooth functioning.  Assistant Manager - Outbound Sales  Sampark BPO LTD  Have managed a team of 45 tele-callers and 4 Team leaders for VAS upselling process of Airtel. Good and consistent performances gave me an opportunity to take care of Barclays and Airtel Mobility process, both involved in new customer acquisition. Primary responsibilities included metric attainment, revenue assurance, operating income and profitability, process improvement and change management. · Was responsible to manage the entire center, set up in Mahape with 3 processes running simultaneously.  EDUCATION  B-Com  Mumbai University  SKILLS  Operation manager in telecom sector managing entire life cycle of a corporate customer. Including, service assurance, complaint handling, corporate collection, retention and debt recovery
