Swapna Sanadi Dy. Regional Sales Manager  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Swapna-Sanadi/79563201566dd740  Highly motivated with good people management skills and creativity. I am a keen learner able to work under pressure and meet deadlines and can interact with people at various levels. I can work independently as well as in a team.  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai Central, Maharashtra - Thane, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Dy.Regional Sales Manager  I Genetic  Dy. Regional Sales Manager  iGenetic Diagnostics Pvt Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  June 2017 to June 2017  Area: - South Mumbai/ DBP /Central Processing Lab / Oncology/ Navi Mumbai / Corporate Responsibilities: - Team handling, strategy implementation, Training of new business generation, query handling,  AREA SALES MANAGER  Ghatkopar to Badlapur / Thane to Badlapur -  April 2012 to May 2017  Responsibilities: - Team handling, strategy implementation, weekly training & meeting, B2B: - Queries handling. Achieve Team Budgets. B2C: -- from location identification to revenue generation activities like camp, fliers distribution (manually & news paper vender) . Started 59 B2C centers with new business around 1 Cr.  JOB RESPONSIBILITY • Achieve the Budget for Region. • Data analysis and MIS submission • Creating Strategy, action plan and execution through team to achieve budget • To Meet the Doctors, Lab & Hospital for conversion • Objection Handling • Drive the team • Motivate the people, recognizing their Achievements • Train the new joiners • Work on weakness of subordinates to overcome it. • Work with organization vision. • Network Expansion • Scheduling training at regular intervals.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Swapna-Sanadi/79563201566dd740?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   SALES EXCECUTIVE  Thane Ghodbunder Road -  Thane, Maharashtra -  April 2011 to March 2012  Responsibilities: - New incremental, existing business, queries handling. Achieve Budgets. New business generation (walk in Patients) for green field lab by promotion to Dr, activities like camp, fliers distribution (manually & news paper vender)  METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LTD -  Thane, Maharashtra -  January 2004 to March 2011  Area: - Mulund & Thane / Dombivli to Badlapur /Thane To Dombivli Responsibilities: - New incremental, existing business, queries handling. Achieve Budgets.  EDUCATION  Bsc  Mumbia University -  Pune, Maharashtra  March 2003  B.Sc  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  March 2002  H. S.C.  Maharashtra Board  March 1999  Certificate  Maharashtra Board  March 1997  SKILLS  OUTLOOK (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  COMPUTER SKILLS  ➢ Basic Knowledge in computers    PERSONAL OUTLOOK  ➢ Always ready for challenging tasks. ➢ Self confidence and skill to motivate the other people with me. ➢ A Good co-ordinate skill among the people. ➢ Helping hands for needy person
