Mohammad Khan OPERATION MANAGER  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mohammad-Khan/ af81318e53cebdc0  Solutions focused, meticulous and results-oriented MBA (Marketing & Finance) Professional offering +5 years of successful career with diverse roles distinguished by commended performance and proven results.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Retail sales manager  Carrefour Hypermarket LLC KSA  Maintaining store stock Communication with vendors and buyers Staff management Inventory control Promotion Budget achievement Store operations Meeting Agenda Wastege control Over stock analysis  RETAIL MANAGER  Majid Al FuttaimLLC KSA -  January 2016 to February 2018  Designation: RETAIL MANAGER KEY TASK General Management ● To support the Store Manager in delivering the store annual Sales Budgets and Business Plan ● To ensure the appropriate level of shop floor cover is maintained at all times of the working day ● To be responsible for the daily organisation and control of the Customer Care and Sales Assistant Team rotas including the scheduling of lunch and tea breaks and the planning, delegation and completion of required tasks with agreed timeframes ● To complete the Daily Morning Inspection Checklist and management floor walks as and when required. ● To deputise for the Store Manager in their absence from the business ● Attend all appropriate store and company meetings and training as and when required. ● To provide store key holder support including opening and closing of the store as required as part of the Duty Manager rota and through the provision of out of hours attendance to alarm call outs.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mohammad-Khan/af81318e53cebdc0?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Mohammad-Khan/af81318e53cebdc0?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Human Resources ● Carry out team meetings at agreed times, ensuring that staff are aware of the tasks/targets to be achieved and their performance to date. ● To assist the store management team in maintaining and keep up to date, staff information and communication boards ● To be involved in the recruitment & selection of Staff ( as required) ● Identify training needs for staff and ensure that all staff are suitably trained in all procedures and processes ● Conduct 3 month reviews and annual performance reviews as required. ● To assist in the performance management of the team including dealing with minor performance and behaviour issues according to company guidelines and procedures subject ● To take responsibility for their own self-development and achieve the required levels of performance within the Retail Development Programme with the support of their line manager  Stock Control ● To support the store to achieve the annual Stock Adjustment Plan and target ● To complete stock checks and to provide support in subsequent investigations as may be necessary. ● To become fully conversant with and consistently practice all correct procedures relating to the ordering and processing of goods and paperwork within the store ● To participate in store audits and assist in the implementation of recommended actions to ensure the store reaches the required rating standards Sales ● Participate and contribute to the store budgeting ● Ensure that visual merchandising standards are achieved and that all products are displayed in accordance with company policy ● To acquire a good working knowledge of the range of products stocked and drive sales in accordance with all company resources.  Health & Safety ● To assist in the administration and implementation of all policies and procedures contained within the store Health & Safety File ● Ensure that all areas are safe and ready to trade on a daily basis for both staff and customers and any defects are reported to management immediately. ● Assist the management team to complete all health & safety requirements in accordance with the Heath & Safety schedule.  Customer Service ● Promote good working practices with all staff ● Ensure that all customer orders are processed as quickly as possible and liaise with customers regarding delivery times ● Ensure customer complaints are dealt with in accordance with company policy ● Ensure that tills are manned and queues are managed in accordance with customer requirements. ● Make sure that all tills are cashed up and balanced at the end of the day.  SALES SUPERVISOR  Shoppers Stop -    July 2013 to October 2015  Key task  * Welcoming to visiting customer. * Show off the items according to the customer need. * Understand the customer need and intrest. * Well behave with visiting customer. * Making a visual and adorning display. * Able Work in group and indepent. * Achieving sales target given by seniors. * Provide complete sales support to mangerial level.  EDUCATION  MBA in Marketing & Finance  University of MDU  B.B.M. in Management  Magadh University  M.S.Y Inter College -  Patna, Bihar  SKILLS  TRAINING (2 years), INVENTORY (Less than 1 year), LOSS PREVENTION (Less than 1 year), MAINTENANCE (Less than 1 year), PROMOTIONAL (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  AREA OF EXPERTISE Quotes/Estimates • Material Take-Offs • Purchase Orders • Inventory Selection • Promotional Displays • Product Delivery • Personnel Training • Loss Prevention • Customer Issues Resolution • Reports Generation • System Inventory • Safety and Maintenance  Professional Experience 5 YEARS
