Shrikant V Sales and Service Manager - Weldwell Speciality Pvt.Ltd  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shrikant-V/6f3e86638031cdf6  gained so far to update myself with the latest technological trends and contribute to its implementation and services through cultural changes in organizations and management  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales and Service Manager  Weldwell Speciality Pvt.Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  August 2016 to Present  Gujarat Region) • Managing all Sales and service related tasks in region. • Taking care of Installation, Commissioning, Training and Service activities in South Region. • Providing good technical support to our customer. • Designed and implemented sales plans, identified re-sale Job Profile possibilities and met the sales goals as planned. • Searched and identified potential customers for product. • Interaction with Service Engineers to give the best support to our customers. • Interaction with all other departments in HO like Production, Development, Quality, etc. to improve the quality of the product. • Act as the first point of contact for the customer make sure that the customer needs are met. • Sales promotion through interaction with customer & Head Office Mumbai and also participating in different exhibition like Weld INDIA, etc.  List of Projects taken PROJECTS Bachelor of Engineering  Portable Axle Weighing systems which is used to measure Axle weight, total weight on weight on wheel & total weight of vehicle. • Maintains of Electrical & Electronic systems. Special Key Role • Servicing of instruments. • Sales & service after sales. • Documentation process of Sales & Service.  University /  Pvt. Ldt -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  https://www.indeed.com/r/Shrikant-V/6f3e86638031cdf6?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   which supplier catering to special and specific needs of the metal welding 7cutting industry.  SKILLS  APPLICATION SUPPORT (Less than 1 year), RELATIONSHIP BUILDING (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skills, Interests • Remote support / Application Support. and activities • Strong customer relationship building skills and service attitude. • Ability to work effectively in a team environment and willingness to share knowledge. • Interacting with people. • Learning new things especially in the field of any Applications.
