Mukesh Gind Regional Sales Manager - Ingram Micro India Pvt. Ltd  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mukesh-Gind/ba8ca612e565883f  ◆ Over 16 years of total experience in Strategic Planning, Sales & Marketing, Business Development, ◆ Channel Management, Profit Centre Management, Client Relationship Management and Team Management in Telecom, FMCG, Specialised Product Group, Luxury Brands and Service Sector ◆ Adept in managing business operations with focus on top-line & bottom-line performance and expertise in determining company's mission & strategic direction as conveyed through policies & corporate objectives. ◆ Strong organizer, motivator, team player and a decisive leader with successful track record in directing from original concept through implementation to handle diverse market dynamics. ◆ An enterprising leader with proven abilities in leading teams towards the achievement of organisational goals and industry best practices. ◆ An effective communicator with excellent relationship building & interpersonal skills. Strong analytical, problem solving & organizational abilities. ◆ Areas of Excellence include: - Strategic & Tactical Planning - Profit Centre Operations - Business Development - Marketing & Sales - Channel Management - Relationship Management - Client Servicing - Sales Promotions - Team Management  WORK EXPERIENCE  Regional Sales Manager  Ingram Micro India Pvt. Ltd -  August 2017 to Present  Accountabilities: ◆ Distribution Network Management- General Trade - South/Central/North Gujarat &Saurashtra-Kutch region- Total 14 RDS. ◆ Handled Brands LENOVO, MOTOROLA, V7 ACCESSORIES, TARGUS, SHARP AIR PURIFIERS. ◆ Team Management- Handling a team of 7 ASM's. ◆ DTR - 12 DTR's, Directly Managing & Handling Top retailers of the region. ◆ Revenue- To drive sales & achieve Revenue as per the Targets. ◆ Gross Margin- Ensuring Gross Margin & profitability. ◆ Stock Management- Model Wise Planning & Ageing. ◆ BG- Bank Guarantee from Partners. ◆ NDC - Providing timely NDC from RDS/DTR's. ◆ Secondary- Secondary Sales drive through ASM's & Partner FOS team, placement of all models @ Retail stores & DTR outlets. ◆ Sell-out- Promoter placement, Visibility & productivity. ◆ Scheme- to run the Monthly scheme provided by Vendor & internal team and timely claim settlement of the Partners. ◆ Distribution Gaps - To cover the distribution gaps by appointing new partners to grow and develop business.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mukesh-Gind/ba8ca612e565883f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ◆ Review- Regular Review with the internal team & with Partners.  Jio Centre Manager  Reliance JioInfocomm Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  February 2015 to Present  Mumbai  Accountabilities: ◆ To Manage JIO Centre Operations for Top Line and Bottom Line, New Customer Acquisition and Retention Of Old Customers, Daily Routine Operations of Jio Centre, Effective Utilisation of Capital Expenditure and Operational Expenditure. ◆ Managing & driving Business through GT, MT, Reliance Retail Format Stores, E-Commerce, Enterprise& Outbound Digital Sales Specialist. ◆ Handling Channel Management with Device Distributor- 01, Connectivity Distributor 02, Reliance Format Stores- 5 (Reliance Digital, Digital Xpress Mini, RelianceFresh&SahakariBhandar) ◆ Handling a turnover of RS 1 CR per month (LYF Handsets) and 25000 per month Sim Card activations. ◆ Handling a team of 50 team members, Mobility Sales Manager-1, Device Vertical-5, Connectivity Vertical-2, Finance Manager-1, Operations Team-3, Network Team-4, SCM Logistics-1, Device Repair Team-2, Back Office-1, FTTH Team-4, Enterprise Team-2& 32 Outbound field Employees. ◆ Strategize and implement action to launch Jio products and services as per the guidelines and mandate of State Head. ◆ Ensuring achievement of targeted revenues, acquisitions and ARPUs by managing JIO Centre professionally and harmoniously. ◆ Taking inputs from state functional team for trade promotions / engagements and marketing activities including R & R. ◆ To co - ordinate with state supply chain and marketing team to develop the plan for servicing of channel partners which ensures adequate availability of merchandising material, inventory of handsets, WIFI and JIO FI Sales kit and demo devices. ◆ To liaise with builders / housing complexes/ malls and other prospective customers, to create value proposition and guide the sales and distribution team in making direct sales pitch.  Mobility Manager  TATA DOCOMO-TATA Teleservices Maharashtra Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  April 2013 to Present  Mumbai  Accountabilities: Channel Sales Management ◆ Handling a team of 09Channel Partner Sales in Enterprise- Top Corporate Vertical for TATA DOCOMO Wireless Products. ◆ Driving the Wireless Sales- Photon, GSM, CDMA, Blackberry, and PRI through the Top Corporate Business.    ◆ Managing a Team of 40 FOS/Promoters. ◆ Responsible for Achievement of Gross adds & Monthly Revenue Targets ◆ Identifying and networking with financially strong and reliable Channel Partners, resulting in deeper market penetration and reach. ◆ Ensuring Manpower Recruitment, Training and Motivating the Sales Team. ◆ Primary Billing of TATA DOCOMO Products to Channel Partners. ◆ Incremental Revenue Market Share in Top Corporate Channel. ◆ SAC- Sales Acquisition Cost Management.  Area Sales Manager - West  Oneassist Consumer Solutions Pvt. ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  March 2014 to February 2015  Gujarat Region ◆ Verticals ◆ Modern Trade - Reliance Digitals, Reliance Digitals Xpress, TMS, Mobiliti World ◆ General Trade - Magnet, Paragon, Kings Electronics, Arcee Electronics ◆ Exclusive Stores- Apple Premium Reseller Stores, Lenovo Exclusive Stores ◆ Apple Service Centres- TSS Service Solutions, F1 Info Service Solutions ◆ Product Features- Insurance against Theft, Pickpocketing, Burglary, Accidental Damage, Liquid damage, Anti-Virus, Data Backup with premium services & hassle free claim settlement  Sr. Lead Manager  MTS-SistemaShyam Teleservices Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  April 2013 to April 2013  Mumbai  Accountabilities: Channel Sales Management  ◆ Handling Channel Sales in IT Retail Vertical for MTS MBLAZE Datacards& Smart Phones. ◆ Driving the Datacard sales through LFR Chain outlets which include NEXT/KOHINOOR/ SNEHANJALI/ARCEE/KINGS/GEONET/MALAIKA& SFR IT Outlets ◆ Managing a Team of 4 TM's &20 FOS/Promoters. ◆ Responsible for Achievement of Gross adds for Datacards Prepaid & Post paid ◆ Identifying and networking with financially strong and reliable IT dealers/ channel partners, resulting in deeper market penetration and reach. ◆ OEM with Laptop Brands- HP/Acer/LENOVO/DELL/INTEL/AMD for Bundling of MTS Datacards ◆ Incremental Revenue Market Share in IT Channel. ◆ SAC- Sales Acquisition Cost Management. ◆ Generating Sales by developing existing accounts and adding new accounts  Achievements ◆ Best IT Sales Certification for the Month of October 2011 ◆ Highest Laptop Bundling of 80% in Mumbai Circle    ◆ 1st in Hallabol Activity with highest 101 Activations across all Verticals in Mumbai Circle held on 22nd Feb 2013 ◆ Highest UAO-Unique Data Activating Outlets in IT Vertical across Mumbai ◆ Highest URO-Unique Recharging Outlets in IT Vertical across Mumbai  Sales Representative  Camlin Limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  January 2002 to July 2007  Mumbai  Area Sales Manager  ITZ Cash Card Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  2007 to 2007  Mumbai  Accountabilities: ◆ Handling 12 Distributors across Central &Navi-Mumbai Geography. ◆ Revenue Turnover of Rs.5 Cr. per Month. ◆ Planning logistics and local marketing activities. ◆ Achieving Franchisee Targets ◆ Handling Team of 12 Sales Officer and Sales Executives. ◆ Business Development in Sales and Franchisee  EDUCATION  MBA in Marketing  K.J. Somaiya Institute of Management and Research-Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2005 to 2008  B'COM  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2001  SKILLS  EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS WORD (Less than 1 year), SAP (Less than 1 year), WORD (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  IT SKILLS: Well versed with MS Word, Excel, Power Point, SAP and Basic.    PERSONAL DOSSIER  Address: A-5, Ramdarshan CHS, Kopri Colony, Thane East- 400603.  Language Known: English, Hindi, Marathi, Gujarati and Sindhi. Hobbies &Passion: Reading, Drawing, Cricket and Travelling
