Romy Dhillon Co-Owner - Client Relationships  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Romy-Dhillon/c56ec0c30bca3ae2  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Mumbai Central, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Co-Owner  Client Relationships -  September 2017 to Present  Enchante Wealth Solutions Pvt Ltd. • Business generation in assigned territory through sales channels such as: bank partners, channels, agency teams, direct teams • Manage relationships with bank / other channels • Develop new sourcing streams by adding channels/ products • Maximize own share of business in channels • Support business sourcing by coordinating regular training programs • Recruitment and development of Unit Sales Managers and sales trainees • Ensure adherence to defined processes • Motivation of sales channels for growth in business generation • Evolve, drive and manage sales promotional activities • Maintain positive business generation and ensuring portfolio profitability in the territories assigned  Sales Manager  Bancassurance -  June 2016 to August 2017  Relince GIC LTD • Business generation in assigned territory through sales channels such as: bank partners, channels, agency teams, direct teams • Manage relationships with bank / other channels • Develop new sourcing streams by adding channels/ products • Maximize own share of business in channels • Support business sourcing by coordinating regular training programs • Recruitment and development of Unit Sales Managers and sales trainees • Ensure adherence to defined processes • Motivation of sales channels for growth in business generation • Evolve, drive and manage sales promotional activities • Maintain positive business generation and ensuring portfolio profitability in the territories assigned  Sales Manager  https://www.indeed.com/r/Romy-Dhillon/c56ec0c30bca3ae2?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Bancassurance -  June 2011 to April 2014  ICICI LOMBARD GIC LTD.  • Business generation in assigned territory through sales channels such as: bank partners, channels, agency teams, direct teams • Manage relationships with bank / other channels • Develop new sourcing streams by adding channels/ products • Maximize own share of business in channels • Support business sourcing by coordinating regular training programs • Recruitment and development of Unit Sales Managers and sales trainees • Ensure adherence to defined processes • Motivation of sales channels for growth in business generation • Evolve, drive and manage sales promotional activities • Maintain positive business generation and ensuring portfolio profitability in the territories assigned  Deputy Sales Manager  HDFC BANK LTD -  June 2008 to September 2009  Doing micro marketing activities ensuring proper tracking of the FOS. • Motivating the sales team for achieving targets and supporting the Regional Sales Head. • Training the staff in area of improvement and making sure they are performing the best for their ability and qualifying to earn incentives.  • Sales of saving & current accounts, setting out sales project planning, supervising and monitoring daily performances and making the final result analysis (using MIS reports) • Cross selling of various products of the bank e.g. life insurance and Demat Accounts. • Increase Customer Base of the Branch • Increase book size of the branch • Maintain cost of Acquisition low by acquiring bigger value accounts  • Holding weekly and monthly team meetings  Relationship Manager  Continental Suraksha Ltd -  April 2005 to May 2008  Responsible for activities regarding Sales, marketing, customer acquisition, customer relation management, & maximizing revenue. • Finding various new businesses opening & arranging promotional programs to get commercial business and attain set goals. • Assessing market, current trends in market, finding competitors, also giving suggestions for product improvement.    • Designing and applying various methods to accomplish targets on monthly, quarterly, and yearly basis. • Answering inquiry, questions & complaints of clients in order to keep revenue generation of the division. • Recognize potential customers, creating business from the old accounts and reaching profitability level and sales growth.  Customer Service  Inbound -  January 2003 to March 2005  Oceans Connect India Pvt Ltd. • Handled a high influx within a dynamic call center environment. • Managed multiple priorities and maintained effective results in a quota driven workplace. • Assisted wireless cell phone customers with items such as adding minutes and troubleshooting. • Responded to customer inquires and requests and resolved issues efficiently and professionally. • Exercised strong interpersonal communication skills customer and department personnel. • Accepted assignments with an open, cooperative, positive and team-oriented attitude. • Utilized multiple call centre support applications to efficiently assist customers and agents.  EDUCATION  MBA in Marketing  Holborn College of Management, University of Wales  2009 to 2010  BA in English  MJP College, Rohilkhand University  1999 to 2002  SKILLS  MARKETING (5 years), CUSTOMER SERVICE (2 years), RECEPTIONIST (2 years), RETAIL SALES (2 years), AUDIT (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Areas of Expertise  • Project management • Customer Service • Market Researching • Working with multiple support applications • Handling Client Relationships • Audit Procedures • Supervision • Landline Claims • Estimating • Troubleshooting Mobile phones • negotiating • Customer Satisfaction • Microsoft office • Feasibility studies • Quality management • Change orders • planning • QA / QC    Business Related Skills  Strategic Planning, Research methodology, Business administration, Team leadership, Risk forecasting, Market research, Computer literacy, Client Relationship Handling, negotiating, Meeting strict deadlines, Marketing, Feasibility studies, Quality management, Problem Solving, Cost control, Writing plans / reports, Customer Service and Customer satisfaction.
