Caesar Silveira Sales Manager (Hotel Alliances) - Golden Globe Hotels Pvt Ltd. (Big Daddy Casino)  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Caesar-Silveira/5eb9aa5b9f4075ba  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Manager (Hotel Alliances)  Golden Globe Hotels Pvt Ltd. (Big Daddy Casino) -  June 2017 to Present  Sales Manager (Agency)  Travel Tours group pvt ltd -  Goa, Goa -  July 2014 to Present  Profile: Outbound Leisure  Core Responsibilities: • Receive & manage travel queries of High Net Worth Individuals. • Meet up with the clients to offer consultation on their holiday plans. • Liaise with Suppliers for Best Quotes. • Prepare & offer a detailed travel proposal to clients. • Responsible for complete & timely collection of payments.  • Ensure impeccable high service standards in all aspects • (Pre Tour, On Tour and Post Tour) • Completely responsible for customer satisfaction & retention. • Build strong relationships with the HNWIs • Strive to increase sales & achieve the set targets  Sales Manager  Deltin Suites -  November 2015 to June 2017  Core Responsibilities: Contracting with Hotels to generate customers for Deltin Royale.  Generating business for hotels: Deltin Suites, Deltin Palms & The Deltin.  Reporting to the V.P of Sales & Marketing.  Manager - Leisure Travel (outbound)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Caesar-Silveira/5eb9aa5b9f4075ba?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Period: 19th Jan 2015 - 11th Nov 2015  • Customizing international holidays.  • Driving Sales through the Shop and growing the business • Manage day to day Leisure Travel Sales & Operations at the Branch.  • Ensure highest level of customer service in every transaction  • Maintain checks and controls as per internal / external guidelines  • Maintain all registers, records, documentation and timely completion of LTOB.  Manager - Leisure (outbound/international tours)  Manager Operations  Benchmark Travel Representations Pvt Ltd -  Bali, Rajasthan -  September 2010 to June 2014  Profile: Manager - Outbound Leisure Destinations i handle: New Zealand, Fiji, Kenya, Tanzania, Spain, Peru, Brazil, Argentina, Italy, Croatia, Greece, Israel, Jordan, Thailand, Vietnam, Myanmar, Laos, Cambodia & Bali, South Africa, Seychelles & Srilanka.  Certified: 100% Pure Kiwi Specialist, Fundi & Canada Specialist.  Core Responsibility: 1. Designing itineraries, Costing & liaising between Agents and Suppliers.  2. Working closely with the New Zealand Operations team on a daily basis.  Related Functions: 1. Reporting to the Managing Director on a daily basis.  2. Assisting in management functions in the absence of the MD.  3. Monitoring the Sales & Operations team on a daily basis.  4. Training staff with Destinations.  5. Interviewing candidates; participating in campus recruitments & training them right through their internship.  Sr. Charge-backs Advisor  J P Morgan Chase -  October 2006 to September 2010    Job Responsibilities: Redressing Client with respect to Complaints, charges on their Credit Cards that are questionable or fraudulent.  Interacting with overseas merchants and card members via E-mail, Correspondence and phone calls to settle the dispute in their Billing.  Achieving Monthly Targets set by the management to resolve disputes. Report to Team Manager on a daily basis.  EDUCATION  B.com  University of Bombay -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2005  SKILLS  Excel (Less than 1 year), Ms Excel (Less than 1 year), Ms Outlook (Less than 1 year), Ms Word (Less than 1 year), Outlook (Less than 1 year)  AWARDS  Employee of the year 2012  December 2012  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Computer Skills: Ms Outlook, Ms Word, Ms Excel, Ms Power point.
