Prasad Dalvi Business Development Manager, Sales  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Prasad-Dalvi/e649d0de8a0bf41e  To be associated with a progressive organization that provides an opportunity to apply my knowledge and skills in order to keep abreast with latest trends and technologies.  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Business Development Manager Sales  Standard Press India Pvt. Ltd.  Standard Press India is Group Company of Standard Fireworks, Sivakasi. It is India’s leading paper product company offering quality paper products in the brand name called ‘Peacock’. Being Business Development Manager my role was to develop new clients, B2B and Institutional Sales & to retain & cater existing clients as well. Also handled Sales Team of 8 executives across Maharashtra & Karnataka Region.  Business Development Manager, Sales  Standard Press India Pvt. Ltd -  Sivakasi, Tamil Nadu -  May 2013 to April 2018  Standard Press India is Group Company of Standard Fireworks, Sivakasi. It is India's leading paper product company offering quality paper products in the brand name called 'Peacock'. Being Business Development Manager my role was to develop new clients & to retain & cater existing clients as well. Also handled Retail Sales Team of 40 executives across Maharashtra & Karnataka Region.  Assistant Manager, Sales  Srinivas Fine Arts Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  September 2009 to June 2014  Srinivas Fine Arts is Asia's leading paper product company offering quality paper products in the brand name called 'Nightingale'. Being an Assistant Manager my responsibilities includes dealing with clients to give presentation & demonstration of the wide range of the paper products to corporate consumers, as well as handling a sales team of 4 members and dealers. * Dealt with different clients such as ➢ Pharmaceutical - Glenmark, Cipla, USV, Pfizer ➢ Banks - Axis Bank, Union Bank, ICICI Bank, HSBC, Citi Bank ➢ Industrial - Reliance, TATA Motors, Hyundai, Ford ➢ Telecom - Bharti Airtel, Vodafone ➢ Media - Hindustan Times, Times Group, Katha Group  https://www.indeed.com/r/Prasad-Dalvi/e649d0de8a0bf41e?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ● Worked as Sr. Executive-Institutional Sales (Office Product Division) in Kores India Ltd, Mumbai  Stationary Products. As Sr. Executive  Kores India Limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  July 2008 to August 2009  is seven decades leading manufacturing company of office Stationary Products. As Sr. Executive my profile is to give presentation & demonstration of the wide range of the products to corporate consumers, also handling and coordinating with distributors and dealers within given territory. * Dealt with different clients such as ➢ Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited (MTNL, Mumbai) ➢ Pharmaceutical - Indoco Remedies, Abbott India, Neon ➢ Hotels - Ceda-de-Goa, Renaissance ➢ Institutions - Ruparel College, Mumbai University, Sidharth College ➢ Hospitals - Hinduja Hospital, Shushrusha Hospital  Sr. Sales Executive  Avon Lifestyle Products Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  August 2005 to June 2008  Avon Lifestyle Products Pvt. Ltd is leading manufacturing company of lifestyle umbrellas & bags for corporate clients. As Sr. Sales executive my profile was to give presentation & demonstration of the wide range of the products. According to the clients requirements make a sample, providing quotation of the deal and negotiation. Throughout co-ordination with product design, manufacturing, delivery team and look after sales services as well. * Projects with Corporate Clients such as ➢ Hotels - Taj, Leela ➢ Pharmaceutical - Glenmark, Cipla, Aventis ➢ Winery - Champagne Indage, Johnnie Walker, Cobra beer ➢ Industrial- Godrej & Boyce, Bridgestone, Reliance ➢ Telecom - Vodafone, Tata Indicom ➢ Media - 98.3 FM, M TV, Channel V, Hindustan Times.  EDUCATION  B.Sc. in Chem  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  HSC  Maharashtra State Board  SSC  Maharashtra State Board  Diploma in Apparel Manufacturing Technology    The Apparel Training And Design Centre  SKILLS  Sales
