Amith Panicker A Self Driven and Self Motivated Top Performing individual with over 15 years Direct/Corporate/Enterprises/Retail Business Development and Client Servicing experience, enabling startup and established companies to increase leads, Sales Volume and after sales revenue.  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Amith- Panicker/981f4973e193d949  WORK EXPERIENCE  Head-Business Unit  Smollan Group(South African MNC) -  Mumbai  Current Responsibilities: To provide leadership through development and implementation of business strategies, plans and tactics towards maximization of revenue, profits and customer satisfaction.  〓 Deliver Topline & Bottomline , Specific targets & manage overhead 〓 Market Share Growth of Focussed Brands 〓 Sales Volume Growth of Targeted Brands of Client. 〓 Maintaining Quality Standards of the Brands against Competition Products 〓 Ensuring Ample and Timely Distribution of SKUs. 〓 Visibility to be 100% as per standards and norms 〓 Ensure comprehensive understanding of client’s business objectives 〓 Draft performance plans & implement action plans as per client guidelines 〓 Identify and manage execution gaps & opportunities 〓 Compliance to manning ratios on field 〓 Analyse trends and identify opportunities for growth - cascade the same to relevant stakeholders 〓 Facilitate achievement of business objectives by adhering to right systems and processes 〓 Activate all safety, business ethics, and commercial policies for his Reportees. 〓 Manages work schedule of the Managers, Downlines. 〓 Cascades MOC activities to ensure execution of the highest standards. 〓 Update and Advise the clients on competitor activity with Analysis.  〓 Review Performance with Client Senior Management team and Channel/Brand Team 〓 Manage effective flow of information. 〓 Adhere to contact strategy norms 〓 Keep an account of HHT for the Business 〓 Availability:  o Leads on-shelf/counter availability & coordinates with teams to meet Clients need 〓 Implementation: o Tracks implementation (promos, new launches) to ensure compliance to set guidelines, takes prompt action to correct problems o Follows up with relevant stake holders to close gaps and ensure continuous improvement in store promotions 〓 Understands retail environment and builds into counter sales and execution strategy 〓 Understands the product range and ensures the appropriate sales approach is followed according to brand guidelines  https://www.indeed.com/r/Amith-Panicker/981f4973e193d949?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Amith-Panicker/981f4973e193d949?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   〓 Aligns with USL team to drive off-take targets 〓 Adheres to timelines of key (starred) activities 〓 Closes issues relating to product listing, permissions, damaged returns, short supply, supply chain, etc 〓 Ensures team has right capabilities, skills, resources and information to deliver business objectives 〓 Manages team performance and motivation 〓 Ensures discipline in the workplace 〓 Ensures HHT usage and accuracy of data captured 〓 Analyze reports to take corrective actions to close gaps  National Head-Postpaid  AGM/DGM -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  December 2013 to January 2016  Mumbai  ➢ The primary objective is to Manage/Support/Enhance Voice and data products and create awareness of the brand and products among the clients Nationally through a team of Vertical Heads, ASM's, KAM's and RM's along with Channel Partners and Direct Sales Teams. ➢ Designing and ensuring compliance of Crack Sales System norms and Client Servicing norms circle and state wise across India. ➢ Rolling out National Contests to ensure consistency and growth in business development and client servicing. ➢ Designing and rolling out targets as per circle and state dynamics and ensuring achievement as per the norms. ➢ Rolling out productivity norms of manpower with regards to client acquisition and Client servicing and ensuring compliance ➢ The team's Prime responsibility is enabling acquisition and increasing revenue of the products assigned by taking new initiatives. ➢ Achieve Gross Adds and Revenue from Corporate Accounts through a team of Vertical Heads, ASM's, KAM's and RM's along with Channel Partners and Direct Sales Teams. ➢ IT support to Sales and Service team through IT Systems like Lead Management System, Key Account Management System, Mobile App Etc. ➢ To increase the share of client through Channel Expansion and productivity enhancement to increase Revenue Market Share through high revenue solutions and VAS penetration.  ➢ To service the customers/clients through Account Management, problem resolution.  Manager/Senior Manager  AGM/DGM -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  August 2008 to 2013  Mumbai    ➢ The primary objective is to Manage/Support/Enhance Voice and data products and creates awareness of the brand and products among the customers through a team of Key Account Managers/Channel Partners and Direct Sales Teams. ➢ The team's Prime responsibility is enabling acquisition and increasing revenue of the products assigned by taking new initiatives.  ➢ Achieve Gross Adds and Revenue from Corporate Accounts through a team of KAM's/Channel  Partners and Direct Sales Teams,  ➢ Outbound Sales to build Mobility business with achievement of Gross Adds and Revenue as per the target. ➢ To increase the share of account through Channel Expansion and productivity enhancement to increase Revenue Market Share through high revenue solutions and VAS penetration.  ➢ To service the customers through Account Management, problem resolution.  ➢ To lead Channel Management for reach, penetration, payouts, channel ROIs, CAD productivity Training  Corporate Sales Manager  Bharti AirTel Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2006 to August 2008  Pune: (Key Account Manager)  ➢ Sales-Corporate: Telecommunication  Work Description: Take the lead role in selling Post Paid Connections/Black Berry/FWP/ Data Cards to prospective Corporate along with managing a Team of 30 executives and 4 Team Leaders within an assigned geographical region. ➢ Responsibility for the sales process from initial point of contact (lead generation), presentations, proposals, through contract negotiations and execution.  ➢ Meet/exceed minimum monthly/quarterly and annual sales objectives.  ➢ Work closely with the operational and tele-services teams; utilize relationships to ensure that product implementation schedules are met.  ➢ Facilitate strategic partners' resources to assist in the sales process.  ➢ Engage, equip, and lead all Sales Teams with appropriate training, tools, and strategy development for selling Bharti AirTel Products.  Unit Manager  Standard Chartered Finance Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  March 2004 to July 2006    Pune MH - Pune  ➢ Acquisition and Management of Corporate and Retail Clients.  ➢ Initialized new corporate programmes and banking relations with large corporate like ZENSAR, WIPRO, GEOMETRIC SOFTWARE, SUZLON ENERGY, Cognizant, Infosys, KPIT, TCS, Patni, Kanbay, UGS, Syntel, Persistent, Veritas, Tech Mahindra, Idea, Honeywel Etc  ➢ Achieved continuous E+ rating month on month as per the banks norms.  ➢ Suggested new ideas like pre-embossed programs for big MNC companies, which helped in achieving the monthly gross and Revenue targets  ➢ Consistent good performance since joining the organization.  ➢ Maintained good corporate and retail relationships  ➢ Groomed the new recruits.  ➢ Reduced cost per account and client.  ➢ Handled a team of 10-15 Sales officers.  Area Executive  Godrej and Boyce Mfg -  December 1999 to December 2003  Sales and distribution along with client relationship and retention for Godrej Office automation and Training Products. ● Increased regional sales by 11%.  ● Worked with Sales service team to achieve the monthly targets.  ● Worked as Area Executive with the sales team, job profile included Market penetration analysis, requirement identification and attending Prospective calls and their requirements.  ● Established a strong presence of Godrej products in the market.  ● Assisted in the development of several new major schemes to cajole the Requirements of the consumers.  ● Tracked and reported all marketing efforts of the competitors.  EDUCATION  Diploma in Business Management  ICFAI -  Mumbai, Maharashtra    2011  Master of Finance in Finance and control  Panjab University -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh  1999  Bachelor Of Commerce in Commerce  Panjab University -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh  1997  High School Diploma in Commerce  Central School -  Jaipur, Rajasthan  1994  SKILLS  SALES (10+ years), KEY ACCOUNT (3 years), ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT (3 years), Retail Execution (3 years), FMCG (3 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Summary of Skills  ◦ Market Share Growth,  ◦ Client acquisition  ◦ Merchandising and Promotion,  ◦ Distribution Management  ◦ Category Management  ◦ Business Development and Distribution  ◦ Strategic partnerships  ◦ Sales Strategy Planning  ◦ Enterprise Solutions.  ◦ Manager's Manager  ◦ Client Servicing.    ◦ Data Services Specialist  ◦ Key Account Management  ◦ Man Management  ◦ Negotiation skills  ◦ Order influencing and stock management.  ◦ Field Sales and retail execution  ◦ Project Management.  ◦ Brand Building.  Accomplishments Sales  ● Increased annual gross sales by 25% YOY.  ● Highest Contribution in terms of Corporate/Enterprise/Retail Business Nationally Across India in Post-paid business.  ● Achieved status as one of the top sales performers at a National Level  ● Assisted in planning and executing Road-shows and in-house (corporate/Retail) promotional events Nationally  ● Managing the biggest team comprising of 22 Vertical Heads and 157 ASM's Across India with more than 1600 feet on Street. ● Supervised creation of marketing strategies/plans/ tariffs and client Servicing models and ensured operations were within budget constraints.  ● Managed and serviced over 1500+ large accounts for Business Development and cross selling through teams nationally  Computer Skills  Diploma in network centred computing, Includes,  (Computer overview, DOS, Computer concepts, LAN, Windows NT/98, Networking Essentials, MS- word, MS-access, MS-excel, MS Power point, Internet, Multimedia, Unix, Programming Logic and techniques, RDBMS Concepts, Sybase SQL server, C++ Programming, Software Engineering, SEI CMM & ISO Concepts, VB6)  Projects: ISAS of influence of Internet on computing and importance of local area network.
