Ajit Kumar Sales Manager- Sale- West India  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ajit-Kumar/bb575ae82e0daffa  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Delhi - Gurgaon, Haryana  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales manager  Mks global logistics India Pvt Ltd  Highlights across Career Path: Deputy Manager- Sale- West India ❒ Responsible for securing, managing and developing existing corporate clients and maximising profit and Growth through the formulation and development of new plans, initiatives, long-term client relationships Business strategies. Analyzing management data and identifying trends and opportunities. Conducting Regular business. ❒ Preparing Month wise Target Plans in accordance with the parameters set by the Management and also tracking the same to assess whether the same is achieved or not. ❒ Weekly basis meeting with operation team for smooth handling of client biz support and on time delivery. ❒ To play a role in team and work as a team which enhances the productivity of the team. ❒ Understand the requirement of customers as and provide the support time on time to smooth functioning. ❒ Submitting weekly basis growth plan to GM-Sales West India  Deputy Manager- Sale- West India  Toll global forwarding India Pvt Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  September 2017 to April 2018  September 2017 to May 2018 with Toll Global Forwarding India Pvt. Ltd  Highlights across Career Path: Deputy Manager- Sale- West India ❒ Responsible for securing, managing and developing existing corporate clients and maximising profit and Growth through the formulation and development of new plans, initiatives, long-term client relationships Business strategies. Analyzing management data and identifying trends and opportunities. Conducting Regular business. ❒ Preparing Month wise Target Plans in accordance with the parameters set by the Management and also tracking the same to assess whether the same is achieved or not.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ajit-Kumar/bb575ae82e0daffa?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ❒ Weekly basis meeting with operation team for smooth handling of client biz support and on time delivery. ❒ To play a role in team and work as a team which enhances the productivity of the team. ❒ Understand the requirement of customers as and provide the support time on time to smooth functioning. ❒ Submitting weekly basis growth plan to GM-Sales West India.  Deputy Manager- Sales & Marketing  Haiko Logistics India Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  December 2016 to September 2017  - Mumbai ❒ Responsible for securing, managing and developing existing corporate clients and maximising profit and Growth through the formulation and development of new plans, initiatives, long-term client relationships Business strategies. Analyzing management data and identifying trends and opportunities. Conducting Regular business. ❒ Preparing Month wise Target Plans in accordance with the parameters set by the Management and also tracking the same to assess whether the same is achieved or not. ❒ Weekly basis meeting with operation team for smooth handling of client biz support and on time delivery. ❒ To play a role in team and work as a team which enhances the productivity of the team. ❒ Understand the requirement of customers as and provide the support time on time to smooth functioning. ❒ Submitting weekly basis growth plan to west india director.  Asst. Manager- Sales & Marketing  SBS Transpole Logistics Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  April 2010 to November 2016  - Mumbai ❒ Responsible for securing, managing and developing existing clients and maximising profit and growth, through the formulation and development of new plans, initiatives, long-term client relationships and key Business strategies. Analyzing management data and identifying trends and opportunities. Conducting Regular business. ❒ Preparing Month wise Target Plans in accordance with the parameters set by the Management and also tracking the same to assess whether the same is achieved or not. ❒ Handling corporate projects like Gammon India Ltd Africa project, IndusInd Media (In Cable) setup box project. ❒ To play a role in team and work as a team which enhances the productivity of the team. ❒ Understand the requirement of customers and provide the support time on time to smooth functioning. ❒ Handling team of Sales Executive.    Sales Representative  Ghari Detergent Pvt. Ltd. Now -  Delhi, Delhi -  April 2009 to March 2010  - Delhi • Handling outlets of a distributors area • Ensure achievement of primary and secondary targets, visibility and distribution expansion within the territory to achieve the business objectives Enhance Distribution network, by focusing on distribution. Enhance visibility of products, through merchandising aids & activities. Implement activities, and Key accounts activities; Implement Launch plan for new products; Focus on Key brands. • Responsible for new outlet addition month on month as per norms decided by the company. • Liaising with suppliers to check the progress of existing orders.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Science in Electronics  DBS P.G. College Kanpur University -  Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh  2006  marks  U.P. board -  Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh  2003  SKILLS  DOS (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS POWERPOINT (Less than 1 year), MS WORD (Less than 1 year), OUTLOOK (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  IT Skill's  ❒ Well versed with DOS/ MS WINDOWS/ MS WORD/ EXCEL/ MS POWERPOINT/OUTLOOK/ INTERNET.  Personal Dossier  Father Name: Mr. R.S. Verma
