Dattatray Shinde Internal Control Manger (SG) - VANDANA ENTERPRISES  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dattatray-Shinde/ a67b5f3f8cb944dd  A position in a results-oriented company that seeks a determined & career-conscious person, where acquired skills, experiences, education & trainings will be utilized toward growth & advancement.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Internal Control Manger (SG)  VANDANA ENTERPRISES -  Bandra, MAHARASHTRA, IN -  March 2016 to Present  Add: SRA Building No.11, Grd. Floor, 101/102, Near Trade Center, BKC, Bandra, Mumbai.  ✓ Compliance Procedures ✓ Internal Audits and Reviews ✓ Training and Development ✓ Access ✓ Documentation ✓ Reconciliation ✓ Customer Interaction ✓ Safety and Comfort  Area Head (SG)  JANALAKSHMI FINANCIAL SERVICES PVT.LTD -  Surat, Gujarat -  October 2010 to March 2015  Add: Surat Branch, Surat.  ✓ Maintaining and increasing sales of company's products ✓ Reaching the targets and goals set for area ✓ Establishing, maintaining and expanding your customer base ✓ Increasing business opportunities through various routes to market ✓ Setting sales targets for individual reps and your team as a whole ✓ Recruiting and training sales staff ✓ Allocating areas to sales representatives ✓ Developing sales strategies and setting targets ✓ Monitoring your team's performance and motivating them to reach targets ✓ Compiling and analysing sales figures  https://www.indeed.com/r/Dattatray-Shinde/a67b5f3f8cb944dd?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Dattatray-Shinde/a67b5f3f8cb944dd?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ✓ Possibly dealing with some major customer accounts yourself ✓ Collecting customer feedback and market research ✓ Reporting to senior managers ✓ Keeping up to date with products and competitors  ASSITANT BRACH MANAGER SALES (SG)  HINDUSTHAN MICRO FINANCE -  September 2008 to March 2010  Proven Sales skills, by demonstrated success in consistently meeting sales/production goals ✓ Staff Coaching in Sales techniques and achievement of retail sales goals both on the individual level and branch level. ✓ Experience in processing account transactions, loan applications, new account ✓ Ability to problem solve within established policies and procedures, with the understanding and compliance of all state and federal regulations and laws. ✓ Experience in ensuring compliance with all governing regulations, especially (SG) Act requirements including: monitoring and reporting as appropriate any suspected suspicious activity. ✓ Ability to recognize cues for sales opportunities and identify unexpressed need.  SALES EXECUTIVE (SG)  PARAS CAFIN MICRO FINANCE -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  September 2007 to September 2008  Add: Sakinaka, Mumbai  ✓ listening to customer requirements and presenting appropriately to make a sale; ✓ maintaining and developing relationships with existing customers in person and via telephone calls and emails; ✓ cold calling to arrange meetings with potential customers to prospect for new business; ✓ responding to incoming email and phone enquiries; ✓ acting as a contact between a company and its existing and potential markets; ✓ negotiating the terms of an agreement and closing sales; ✓ gathering market and customer information; ✓ representing their company at trade exhibitions, events and demonstrations; ✓ negotiating on price, costs, delivery and specifications ✓ challenging any objections with a view to getting the customer to buy; ✓ advising on forthcoming product developments and discussing special promotions  EDUCATION  BACHELOR OF BUSINESS ADMINSTRATION in Salim  Vinayaka Mission University  2015  Shivaji University -  Kolhapur, Maharashtra    1995  SKILLS  ACCOUNTING (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), LEADERSHIP SKILLS (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT WORD (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Key Qualifications:  ✓ Dedicated & professional with a genuine concern for Organization. ✓ Skilled, clear communicator: both oral & written. ✓ Known for providing strong team support. ✓ Dynamic leadership abilities concerning responsibilities. ✓ Ability to handle large volume of work in professional & courteous manner.  Skills & Proficiencies:  Management & Leadership Skills: Works independently, Effective in problem solving, Organized in work load.  Technical Skills: Proficient in Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Power Point, Internet, Tally 7.2{An accounting software}, Tally9.0 {Advanced version of Tally 7.2 accounting software}.
