Mohammed Khan Sales Manager - (West & South Region) - IMI Norgren Herion Pvt. Ltd  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mohammed- Khan/2de101be4fd237ff  • A dynamic professional with nearly 15 years of experience in Sales & Marketing. • Exhibited prowess in overcoming complex business challenges and make high-stakes decisions using experience-backed judgment, strong work ethic and irreproachable integrity • Expert in carrying out analysis of market trends/ requirements, collating market intelligence reports and thereby chalking out measures for countering competition • Resourceful in framing strategies for establishing greater awareness about company & its products and building brand focus in conjunction with operational requirements • Skilled in identifying and networking with prospective clients, generating business from the existing accounts and achieving profitability and increased sales growth • Effective communicator & negotiator with strong analytical, problem solving & organizational abilities.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Manager - (West & South Region)  IMI Norgren Herion Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  June 2011 to Present  and complete South region territory for Power business along with Responsibility of handling Channel Partners (Dealers) • Major focus on NTPC, SEB and Captive Power plants for generating MRO business • Carrying out contract analysis and negotiating commercial terms and conditions with customers • Developing the Pneumatic product as per customer requirement for various applications • Responsible for business intelligence gathering. • Delivering the presentations to customer projecting facilities & advancements in technology and developing company's brand image • Replacing competitor's product with Norgren make by eliminating them at indent level. • Identifying the customer requirements & meeting the same in time by monitoring the progress & managing the order in internal system • Acquiring new OEM's for Power sector for long terms business  Sr. Sales Engineer  Tushaco Pumps Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  July 2008 to May 2011  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mohammed-Khan/2de101be4fd237ff?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Mohammed-Khan/2de101be4fd237ff?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Ghatkopar (West) Mumbai - 400086) Worked for a period from July 2008 till May 2011  Position Held: Sr. Sales Engineer Company Profile: Tushaco Pumps Pvt. Ltd. is a pioneer in the manufacturing of Rotary Positive Displacement Pumps and Pumping Systems. Basically the products in the manufacturing range are Gear pumps and Screw pumps. Tushaco manufactures total seven different designs of positive displacement rotary pumps each is having different sizes and versions  Nature of Work: • Achieving quarterly sales target • Selecting and recommending Positive displacement Pumps according to the application and service conditions of the customers. • Finding out the reason of failure of Pumps and providing solutions. • Acquiring new accounts for long terms business • Appointing dealers / channel partners as required. • Ensuring on time collection of payments as per agreed terms including Sales tax form  Marketing Executive  Prehence Engineers Pvt. Ltd -  Goregaon, MAHARASHTRA, IN -  October 2004 to June 2008  Goregaon (E) Mumbai - 63 Worked for a period from October 2004 till June 2008  Position Held: Marketing Executive Company Profile: Prehence Engineers Pvt. Ltd. is authorized distributor of world largest Canned Motor Pump Manufacturer, viz M/s. Teikoku Electric Mfg. Co. Japan, Mechanical Seal manufacturer, Dealers of Industrial Valves and OBL metering Pump.  Nature of Work: • Achieving quarterly sales target of Canned Motor Pumps, Industrial Valves, Mechanical Seals, etc • Selecting and recommending Canned Motor Pumps according to the application and service conditions of the customers. • Servicing, Assembly and Disassembly of Teikoku Canned Motor Pumps. • Finding out the reason of failure of Teikoku Canned Motor Pumps. • Assembling of Mechanical Seals at site. 4) Organization: Krombach Valves India Pvt. Ltd.  (Subsidiary of Fredrick Krombach GmbH & Co. KG - Germany)  Marketing Executive  Prehence Engineers Pvt. Ltd -  August 2006 to April 2007    having robust design of Metal Seated Ball Valve, Butterfly Valve, Gate Valves, Globe Valves and Check Valves  Nature of Work: • Achieving Sales Target • Selection of Metal Seated ball Valve, Butterfly valve and other type of valve • Assembly and disassembly of metal seated Ball valve and butterfly valves. • Capability to handling projects.  Sales & Service Engineer  Super Proof Engineering Works -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  July 2003 to September 2004  Company Profile: Super Proof Engineering Works is a basically Engineering base company. They are manufacturing Mechanical Seal as per International standard  Nature of Work: • Distribution of work & control of daily schedule on sales & service. • Installation of Mechanical Seal. • Assembly, disassembly and hydro testing of Mechanical Seal. • To achieve sales target within year. • Generate Mechanical seal enquiry from customer. • Inspection of product. • To find out reason of mechanical seal failure and find suitable alternative.  Working Supervisor  Mahindra & Mahindra Co -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  July 1998 to July 2001  Company Profile: Mahindra & Mahindra Co. is the largest manufacturers of Tractors and Jeeps. In Nagpur, they have tractor manufacturer division  Nature of Work: • Completing & Achieving production targets • Assembling of transmission (gear box) of tractor. • Sub-assembling of drive shaft, spline shaft, counter shaft and other sub assemblies. • Testing of transmission after assembly.  EDUCATION  PERSONEL DETAILS  Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies  2014  Diploma in Mechanical Engineering    Board of Technical Education  Diploma in CAD  Agnel Technical College (Polytechnic) -  Bandra, MAHARASHTRA, IN  MBA in Marketing  Nagpur University -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  English, Hindi  Near Al-Barkat High School -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  SKILLS  PUMPS (6 years), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), INTERNET EXPLORER (Less than 1 year), MS EXCEL (Less than 1 year), OUTLOOK (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  COMPUTER SKILS:  Have sound knowledge of computer basics and is well versed with MS Excel, MS Words, Microsoft Outlook, Internet Explorer etc.  CARRER OBJECTIVE:  I would like to be an active part of a dynamic and specialist team, engaged in the field of Pneumatic and Rotating equipment, Pumps, Valves, etc. which allows me to grow both professionally and as an individual.
