Neeraj Dwivedi Senior Sales Executive - Kansai Nerolac Paints Ltd  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Neeraj-Dwivedi/8f053ed44cdef8b2  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Sales Executive  Kansai Nerolac Paints Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  August 2017 to Present  Increased the sales from -22% to +6% through existing dealers and prospecting new dealers to achieve the target within 6 months of joining. • Maintaining excellent relations with dealers to increase revenue by 10%. • Management of sales team (up to 3 members) • Achieved monthly targets amounting to 40 - 60 lakhs monthly with timely collection. • Maintain accounts clarity with dealers and ensure that the credit notes reach the dealers on time. • Business development by conducting regular meetings with influencers such as architects, building contractors, housing societies, painters. • Ensuring proper visibility of the products at various counters while also managing field development using new sign boards and painter meets. • Provide Briefing to the dealers about the new schemes and target products. • Handling depot and ensuring the proper service and support to the market and at the same time handling the depot team of 14-15 members. • Handled the entire western and south market of Mumbai ( From Churchgate to Dahanu) • Presently handling two territories Vasai and Virar ( Mira Road To Dahanu) • Developed the Bhayandar and Mira Road market which was almost dead for the company.  Senior Sales Executive  GreenPly Industries Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  August 2015 to August 2017  Building the business within the territory using a variety of sales techniques. • Targeting potential dealers and distributors and assessing opportunities for sales. • Arranging potential dealers meetings and selling products offering. • Team handling and Achieving Primary and secondary sales figures as well individually and along with team. • Create and execute a territory sales and channel development plan that meets or exceeds established sales quotas and supports Company revenue and profit targets. • Complete sales activity reports and presentations in a timely manner. Appointed 150 dealers and 3 distributors for wall-coverings imported by Greenply.  Area Sales Manager  Gloob Décor Interior Design Pvt. Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  https://www.indeed.com/r/Neeraj-Dwivedi/8f053ed44cdef8b2?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   July 2014 to July 2015  Mumbai, Rest of Maharashtra (Pune, Nashik, Kolhapur and more), Goa, Jaipur Area Sales Manager (July 2014 - July 2015)  • Planning and scheduling individual/ team assignments to achieve the pre set goals within time, quality and cost parameters. Formulating long term/short term strategic plans to enhance operations. • Tracking market/ competitor trends to keep a track regarding changing client's requirement/ expectations. • Dealer/ distributor channel visiting, handling channel sales team (up to 6 members) across Maharashtra, Mumbai and Goa. • Business development and Team Management. • Developed the market for Pune, Kolhapur, Jaipur and appointed 2 franchisee stores and 3 distributors (35-40 lakhs investment)  Internship  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  February 2014 to May 2014  Provided career counseling and vocational training to the students.  Project Management  AARK alliance -  Delhi, Delhi -  May 2013 to July 2013  Project: Sales and Customer service of construction equipments  EDUCATION  MMS  Maratha Mandir Babasaheb Gawde Institute of Management studies, mumbai  SKILLS  SALES (4 years), SALES AND (2 years), TEAM MANAGEMENT (1 year), AND MARKETING (Less than 1 year), BUSINESS MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Core Skills:  • 4 years of experience in corporate sales and marketing. • Planing, strategizing and implementing business growth, requirement analysis and technical guidance for clients • Interpersonal skills, business management, negotiation skills, team management, lead generation, loyalty programs management    Soft Skills:  • SAP, CRM, MS word, MS excel, MS power point, Tally, ERP, Social Media.
