Prashant Pattekar Key Account Manager  Dombivli, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Prashant-Pattekar/ ad5404ce0d76f3be  Excellent Organizations, Communications & Relationship Building skills, Maintaining a long term relationships with vendors and maximizing sales opportunities within them.  KEY HIGHILIGHTS  • Managing the categories like jewelry, lifestyles, Technology. • Campaigning and seminars with top distributors and vendors across country. • Complete business development above the line and below the line of manufactures & distributors. • Tracking of marketing program & promotions for seller business on site. • Promotion of New products launched by the brands partner. • Regular Refresher and corrective training to the sellers. • Tracking of conversion ratio in terms of revenue on site. • Tracking of Supply Gap and Brand Density on site. • New Brand partner onbording and their business execution on site. • Reconciliation and payment tracking on site for the sellers. • Top Seller Account Management of brand accounts. • Communications process for Brand Promotions on site..  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Associate  Haygot education Pvt ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  October 2017 to February 2018  1) Generating leads from raw data of customers and then fixing an appointment. 2) Field Visits to customer place for education platform package demo. 3) Responsible for sales of educational package of online studies for science students. 4)Responsible for billing and payment collections. 5) Responsible achieving monthly targets.  Key Account Manager  New Rampgreen Technologies Pvt ltd -  October 2008 to January 2017  Company Name: - New Rampgreen Technologies Pvt ltd. Dept: - eBay. In (Business Development) Website: - www.ebay.in  • The complete Brand Account Management of top key accounts on site. • The execution and communication process for brand promotions on home page of sites.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Prashant-Pattekar/ad5404ce0d76f3be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Prashant-Pattekar/ad5404ce0d76f3be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Macro level tracking of brands inventory on site during promotions period. • The complete executions process for brand onbording on site. • Regular refresher on site policy and category hygiene to avoid violations on site. • Top priority resolutions on grievances and claims on site. • Weekly Inventory mapping, gap analysis and price leadership tracking of category. • Tracking of Catalog Adoptions on inventory to maintain the quality on site. • Weekly Brand account location visit to maintain the business relationship on top level. • Vendor code creation process for seller marketing program on site. • Daily Co-ordination with Account Managers for queries and resolutions of vendor code creations process. • The complete executions process of special projects for additional services on inventory of site. • The weekly executions of new launch and exclusive launch of brand inventory on site. • Special Point of Contact for Top Key account Managed list addition and removal. • Special Point of contact for vendor code creation and co-ordination with account Managers for seller marketing program. • Tracking of Billing Payments and payment related concerns of sellers.  Sales Executive  DN Brothers Pvt ltd -  March 2004 to March 2008  Company Name: - DN Brothers Pvt ltd. ( Medical and surgical equipment)  • Generating new sales by approaching potential clients. • Generating new leads through cold calling and Tele calling. • Identifying client needs and suggest appropriate products/services. • Managing the details of sales quotations for clients requirement and propose recommendations to the Business lead for final approval. • Responsible for targeted revenues of month on month for the assigned city. • Responsible for selling the scientific equipment and machines. • Daily co-ordinations with retailers, dealers, wholesalers for new orders and cross marketing purpose.  EDUCATION  T.Y.Bsc in Chemistry ( undergraduate )  University of Mumbai -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  March 2001 to March 2004  H.S.C in Science  Maharashtra State Board -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  October 2000    SKILLS  Ms -excel , Microsoft office ,outlook, vlookup,Hlookup,powerpoint, (7 years)  AWARDS  Best performance in Account Management  April 2012  Awarded for the best account management outstanding performance from eBay.in.
