Nikkhil Chitnis Functional Consultant - Godrej Infotech Ltd  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nikkhil-Chitnis/326b65de5dca5470  Total 7+ years of Work experience. Total 4+ years of experience as Functional consultant in Microsoft Dynamics Navision. Full life cycle ERP implementation experience covering Sales and distribution industries and across India, USA, Europe. Key expertise in the areas of Business Process Study, Developing functional specification, providing End user training and undertaking Process Re-engineering Proven hands on experience ERP processes in Full cycle Implementations, Rollout, up gradation, Process studies, Support and Development. Well conversant in the fields of Purchasing logistics, Sales, Inventory management. Good communication & Analytical skills with an ability to handle diverse tasks simultaneously, system design, work allocation and easily understand the customer Requirements and good reciprocation with customer PASSPORT Details: Passport No: -  WORK EXPERIENCE  Functional Consultant  Godrej Infotech Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  March 2014 to Present  Microsoft Dynamics NAV -  September 2017 to November 2017  Description Jewelry Business Role • Study of Purchase and Payment Gateway Functionality with the client core team • Testing of Customizations as per FRS. • Master data collections, Validation • Report Customization • Key User Training and Issue Resolution. • Go Live support  Godrej Infotech Ltd -  October 2016 to March 2017  Description Manufacturing Industry (tires) Role • Study of Sales and Distribution, Purchase, Advanced Warehousing with the client core team. • Preparation of FRD (Functional Requirement Document • FDD (Functional Design Document) • FDD GAP Customization testing  https://www.indeed.com/r/Nikkhil-Chitnis/326b65de5dca5470?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Testing of Customizations as per FRS. • Master data collections, Validation • Key User Training and Issue Resolution. • Report Customization • Go Live Support On site • Providing offsite support  Microsoft Dynamics NAV -  2017 to 2017  LS Retail Customer City Flower Location Saudi Arab Period ONGOING Description Retail Business Role • Study of Purchase and POS Functionality. • Testing of Customizations as per FRS. • Master data collections, Validation • Report Customization • Key User Training and Issue Resolution. • Go Live support  Godrej Infotech Ltd -  April 2015 to October 2016  Description Manufacturing Industry (tires) Role • Providing onsite support to US as well as India users for all modules. • Working on Newer Customizations and Process Improvements.  Period APR 2015 to OCT 2016 Description Manufacturing Industry (tires) Role • Providing onsite support to US as well as EU users for all modules. • Working on Newer Customizations and Process Improvements.  Microsoft Dynamics NAV -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  2016 to 2016  Project Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2016 Customer Leading Tire Manufacturer ( Alliance Tire Americas, Inc.) Location USA  Project Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2016 Customer Leading Tire Manufacturer (ATG Group) Location USA, EU, IN  Godrej Infotech Ltd -    January 2015 to March 2015  Description Importer of Health Supplements and Jewelry/dental tools Role • Study of Sales and Distribution, Purchase with the client core team. • Preparation of FRD (Functional Requirement Document • Handled implementation for Retail Outlet Stores • FDD (Functional Design Document) • FDD GAP Customization testing • Testing of Customizations as per FRS. • Master data collections, Validation • Key User Training and Issue Resolution. • Report Customization • Go Live Support • Providing offsite support  Payment Gateway Services -  September 2014 to December 2014  Description Payment Gateway Services Role • Study of Purchase and Payment Gateway Functionality with the client core team • Testing of Customizations as per FRS. • Master data collections, Validation • Report Customization • Key User Training and Issue Resolution. • Go Live support  Sales and Distribution  Godrej Infotech Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  June 2014 to August 2014  Purchase with the client core team. • Mapping and configuration of the ERP package with the customer business Process. • Preparation of the Business process, Functional Requirement, Process checklist and other related documents. • Identification of the GAP's which were not addressed by the package and facilitating the development. • Providing Concept Training to the Key Users. • Conducting system training to end users.  Declaration: I hereby declare that all the above information is correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.  Location: Mumbai [Nikkhil A Chitnis] Date: 23/11/2017  Asst. Sales Manager    Godrej & Boyce Mfg. Co. Ltd -  July 2009 to February 2014  Technical Skills Operating Systems Ex. Windows NT, Windows Server 2007, 2008 Languages Databases SQL Server Tools & Utilities Office 2003 / 2007 ERP Microsoft Dynamics Navision 4.0, Navision 9.0, Navision 13.0 R2, Navision 16  Projects Profile:-  Godrej & Boyce Mfg. Co. Ltd -  Maharashtra, IN -  2013 to 2013  R2 Customer ARC Distributors Location India  Project Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2013 R2 Customer Bergwerff Organics India Pvt. Ltd Location Mumbai, Maharashtra  Project Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2013 R2 Customer Techprocess India Ltd. Location Mumbai, Maharashtra  Microsoft Dynamics NAV -  USA, EU, IN -  2004 to 2009  Customer Leading Tire Manufacturer (ATG Group) Location USA, EU, IN  EDUCATION  M.Sc. in Automotive  Coventry University  2008  B.E in Automobile Engineering  North Maharashtra University  2007
