Sai Patha Mule ESB Integration Developer - Cisco Systems  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sai-Patha/981ba615ab108e29  • 6+ years of professional experience in end-to-end designing, developing and implementation of software solutions in the areas of Middleware Integration and J2EE based applications. • Expertise in the areas of Core Java, Servlet 2.3, JSP, Web Services, MESB, and OSB. • Expertise in PL SQL programming and Oracle Apps (Oracle Order management) • Having 2.5+ years of experience in Mule and expert in Mule ESB development (3.7v & 3.8v), Mule ESB administration and Mule API management (API GW 1.x, 2.x, 3.x) CloudHub. • Experience in building Mule ESB & API management platform for organizations • Experience in performance tuning, testing, and benchmarking the platform for the organization. • Expert in building middleware systems using Message Routing, Content Enrichment, Cache Mechanism, Message Filtering, Message Transformation, Message sequencing, Batch message processing, Error handling and reconciliation mechanisms. • Expertise in designing and implementing multi-tiered application with high performance using J2EE standards. • Good understanding of API management systems - Mulesoft and RAML. • Experience in compiling proof of concepts and presenting to customers. • Deep knowledge of all phases of software engineering involving analysis, design and implementation. • Hands on experience in load testing and performance testing and setting up the environment. • Very strong debugging skills. • Expertise in implementing different J2EE design patterns and Java Multi-Threading. • Hands on experience in creating Splunk dashboard, App for production proactive monitoring and for reporting. • Good understanding in Web services security. • Extensively worked on servers Apache Tomcat, JBoss, Web logic and WebSphere. • Familiar with reviewing Functional Requirements and writing Technical Specifications. • Extensive Expertise in using Oracle 11i. • Broad knowledge of version control systems, build scripts and logging mechanisms. • Analysis, design and development of Applications based on J2EE & allied technologies using Agile methodology. • Implementing high-end performance REST services for Middleware using Core Java. • Deploying Builds to DEV/TEST/PROD environment using Kintana, Udeploy & URelease tools. • Implementation of modules using Core Java APIs, Java collection, XML technologies and integrating the modules. • Responsible for converting the understood business into Technical Specification document. • Taking KT sessions from client on Application functionality and discuss with Business Analysts to integrate new functionalities with existing systems. • Utilize Oracle as back-end database and TOAD for querying. • Utilize Log4j as logging mechanism and developed wrapper class to configure the logs. • Utilize CVS, SVN, and GIT as Version control tool.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sai-Patha/981ba615ab108e29?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Used Maven build scripts to create and deploy the release builds. • Prepare the Functional and Technical Design documents. • Module implementation and customization based on the Change Requests. • Development and support for different releases before and after implementation of launch. • Review the fellow developers' code as an exercise of internal code review. • Carry out Configuration Management activities for projects. • Carry out Weekly Status reporting activities such as MOM updates and health sheet generation. • Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Involved in client interactions for scoping, effort estimates and status reporting.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Mule ESB Integration Developer  Cisco Systems -  San Jose, CA -  April 2017 to Present  Project: Extended Enterprise B2B Transformation  Responsibilities • Followed agile methodology and Scrum. • Involved in application design and participated in technical meetings, Effort estimations, backlog grooming, I&A etc. • Involved in analyzing, developing, troubleshooting, debugging, and optimizing ESB application. • Involved in documenting and presenting designed technical solutions. • Extensively used Anypoint studio to develop and design the business process. • Implemented complex transformation Logics using MEL • Building RESTful Web Services with Anypoint Platform for APIs • Involved in data transformation and mapping using data weave • Tested the business process in test mode for debugging • Build and deployed using Anypoint studio, maven. • Participating i n meeting and on-calls • Code reviews and independent unit testing for components • Manage code release deployment into development, SIT, OAT and production • Error handling is properly done in all the business processes Technologies: Mule Server 3.7 EE, Anypoint studio 5.4, cloud hub, Maven, core java, GIT, RAML, APIKit, SOAP 01, Postman, Agile, Jenkins.  Mule Soft Team Lead  Cisco Systems -  San Jose, CA -  June 2016 to March 2017  Project:FSMS  Responsibilities: • Followed agile methodology and Scrum.    • Involved in application design and participated in technical meetings, Effort estimations, backlog grooming, I&A etc. • Gather requirements and planning on integration of oracle data base with cloud applications using Mule ESB. • Tightly integrated applications using MULE ESB. • Involved in implementing ESB flows, Proxies, logging and exception handling. • Extensively used Mule ESB components like File Transport, SMTP Transport, FTP/SFTP Transport, JDBC Connector, JMS and Transaction Manager. • Used TOAD for internal data storage and retrieval. • Involved in setting up Connection pooling and used JMS for Asynchronous messaging. • Setting up Mule ESB for the development environment. • Developed application using Mule ESB and deployed the services in dev, test and prod environments. And also done with Unit testing using Test Utility. • Migrated Mule ESB 3.7.0 apps to Mule ESB 3.8.4 • Applied OAUTH authentication policy for API proxies • Have integrated web services including SOAP as well as REST using Mule ESB. • QA, UAT & Production issues investigation and supporting business users.  Mule Soft Team Lead  Cisco Systems -  San Jose, CA -  August 2015 to May 2016  Project: Bay Bridge RMA Services  • Design and implement the Mule ESB platform for Cisco. • Design and implement the RESTful WS using RAML to interact with AI system and storing in C3 Database. • Implemented the security for the SOAP and REST Web services using OAUTH and Basic Authentication. • Designed and developed the core modules, which pulls service request details from CSOne System. • Design and developed common modules like Audit Logging, which can be used as a common module and shared resources for all the applications. • Designed the Exception handling for all the apps on Mule platform. • Designed the Domain to share the resource like HTTP, HTTPS & DB connector references. • Created flows for basic authentication and caching the token for OAUTH. • Have carried out performance testing for the ESB flows for memory leakage and for fine-tuning. • Worked with Mule team on some of the issue with performance on DB connector. • Interacted with dependent teams (CSONE and PEGA) and came up with the design on the implementation of the flows and architecture and design of services. • Developed required back Java components. • Reported and worked on DB connector Connection pool issues to Mulesoft. • Reported and worked on MMC deployment issues with Mulesoft. Technologies: Java 1.8, Oracle11i Web Services, Mule ESB, Mule API Manager, XML, JSON, Anypoint Studio, Maven, GIT, SVN, ESB Servers.  Technology Analyst    Cisco Systems -  San Jose, CA -  December 2013 to July 2015  Project: OMLSS  • Understanding of the complete architecture of the system including boundary systems. • Understand the client and project requirements by studying the existing documentation and seeking clarifications, if any, to participate efficiently in the Development and Testing phases of the project. • Create program specifications, unit test plans for software programs by studying functional and non-functional requirements, the application architecture document, and converting the assigned functionalities into pseudo code/algorithms/test cases. • Develop code using knowledge of relevant technology as per design specifications and document artifacts such as unit test scripts, etc. independently and support peers in identifying code defects and ensuring that the output is as per the given specifications and SLAs. • Perform testing - self and independent (Functional, Integration, System) - as per defined processes and guidelines to ensure accurate program output; identify and resolve defects, if any. • Work on 'Go Live' activities as per the Implementation plan and manage any issues related to functionalities, user interface, performance, etc. that may arise. • Respond to the issues assigned, conduct analysis of the issues assigned, identify and evaluate different workarounds/ solution alternatives, implement the most optimal solution, support other team members on issue resolution in areas of expertise as required, manage stakeholder communication and close the issues assigned in order to ensure support availability as per agreed SLAs. • Understand application architecture document and seek inputs from the architecture / design team to understand the overall architecture IN ORDER TO provide deliverables that are in line with architectural requirements.  Technologies: Java 1.5, Web services, Oracle 11i, XML, Eclipse, HP Quality Center, SVN, Jenkins, uDeploy and uRelease.  Sr.Software Engineer  Cisco Systems -  San Jose, CA -  June 2013 to November 2013  Project: SPED Integration  Responsibilities: • Responsible for development of Oracle Interfaces and Mapping data as per requirements of Cisco Brazil. • Involved in the development of PL/SQL queries to fetch data from the oracle and insertion of Data into Synchro Open Interface tables. This is a very critical data reporting as the data is to be reported to the Government of Brazil by Cisco as per the Legal Procedures. He was involved in the    Development of Packages, Concurrent Programs and many other Custom functionalities as per the Requirements. • Experience in Cisco Quality Control process and Migration of Code into Different Environments. • Implemented the PL/SQL based on the requirements of AP and RI modules.  Technologies: PL/SQL, Oracle Applications (Financials), PVCS, Kintana, Toad.  Software Engineer  Cisco Systems -  San Jose, CA -  April 2012 to May 2013  Project: IT Creative Solutions (ITCS)  Responsibilities: • Understand the business process and build interactive online dashboards based on client requirement. • Do the data modelling to hold the current data, to sustain future needs and drilldowns in the dashboards. • Use dashboard building tools Xcelsius, Tableau to build interactive dashboards. • Develop business layer to perform all the calculations used in dashboard. • Do client interaction and communication to get required inputs. • Participated in Client Demos and meetings.  Technologies: SQL Server, Tableau, Xcelsius.  Software Engineer  Arrow Electronics Inc -  August 2011 to March 2012  Project: Arrow Unity (Sales Work Bench)  Responsibilities: • Requirements gathering, designing, development and testing. • Ownership of the deliverables. • Involved in Post Production support for SWB application. • Coding and testing for enhancements. • Wrote Oracle PL/SQL Stored procedures, triggers, and views for backend database access. • UAT Testing Support.  Technologies: Unix, ExtJs, Pl/Sql  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in Technology  Amrita School of Engineering  2007 to 2011    SKILLS  ORACLE (3 years), JAVA (3 years), SOAP (2 years), Subversion (2 years), SVN (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Languages Java, Java Script, PL/SQL, SQL SERVER, HTML, XML, XSLT Application Servers J Boss, Apache Tomcat, Web logic, IBM web sphere  Databases Oracle, SQL SERVER  Development Tools MVC, Singleton, Session Facade, DTO, DAO,  Service Locator  SOA Restful Web Service, Soap web service, JAX-RS, XML, JSON, WS Security, Mule ESB  IDE's/TOOLS Eclipse, Mule Anypoint Studio  Java/J2EETechnologies Java, Servlets, JSP, JDBC, EJB, JMS  Protocols HTTP, FTP, TCP/IP  Version Control tools CVS, SVN, GIT  Build Tool Ant, Maven  Bug Tracking Tools HP Quality Center, Rally  Frameworks Spring, Hibernate, Struts, Spring MVC, Micro Services, EJB, JMS  Operating Systems Windows, UNIX, LINUX
