Sandip Gajre Manager-Marketing - Seva Switchgear Pvt.Ltd  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sandip-Gajre/f0c0d2ba8fd81e03  • Hardworking & Result oriented. • Optimistic and Self confident. • Resourceful, Go getter& Team Player. • Good communication & interpersonal skills.  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Manager-Marketing  Seva Switchgear Pvt.Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  May 2018 to Present  018  • Seva Switchgear Pvt. Ltd (Manager-Marketing Since May 2018) Roles and Resposibilities • Visiting Electrical Consultants, OEM's, Panel Builders & End Users for promotion of Products by appropriate presentation. • Responsible for the Project Sales in Entire Maharashtra.  • Atandra Energy Pvt.Ltd. (Deputy Sales Manager from Aug '16 to April '18) Roles and Responsibilities • Visiting Electrical Consultants for the following: • Vendor Registration & Product Approvals. • Meeting Project Managers for the status on the On going and projects in pipeline & its respective scope. • Meeting Purchase Managers of the respective Electrical Contractors for the sale of company's products. • Visiting OEM's, Panel Builders & End Users for promotion of Products by proper presentation & negogiation. • Responsible for the Project Sales in Entire Mumbai Division.  Deputy Sales Manager  Atandra Energy Pvt.Ltd -  August 2016 to April 2018  Asst. Sales Manager  Satyam Enterprises -  August 2013 to July 2016  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sandip-Gajre/f0c0d2ba8fd81e03?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Schneider Electric)  Channel Partner -Schneider Elecric  Satyam Enterprises -  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra -  August 2013 to July 2016  Roles and Responsibilities • In-Charge of Entire Central and Navi Mumbai Division. • Administering Sales Targets and Collections. • Training Sales Engineers on Products & conducting seminars. • Monitoring the Execution of Material  Asst. Sales Manager  Novatek Electro Engineers Pvt.Ltd -  July 2011 to July 2013  Schneider Electric)  Channel Partner -Schneider Elecric  Novatek Electro Engineers Pvt.Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  July 2011 to July 2013  Roles and Responsibilities • In-Charge of Entire Mumbai Division. • Administering Sales Targets and Collections. • Training Sales Engineers on Products & conducting seminars  • Indoasian Fusegear Ltd. (Sr.Sales Executive-Projects from Nov '09 to July '11) Roles and Responsibilities • Working for Business Development of the Entire range of products of the company. • Visiting Electrical Consultants/Architects/Contractors/OEM's /Panel Builders for the Approval of the products of the company in their Approved Make List and follow up for the business thereon. • Visiting Institutions like Banks and others for the Approval of the products of the company and business thereon. • Administering Sales Targets and collections  Sr. Sales Executive  Indoasian Fusegear Ltd -  November 2009 to June 2011  Projects)  Sr. Production officer  National Rayon Corporation Ltd -    April 1990 to July 2008  Sr. Production Officer  National Rayon Corporation Ltd -  April 1990 to July 2008  Roles and Responsibilities • Handled Rayon- Bleaching plant by Standard Operating Procedures. • Adept in Managing Operations& achieving target to meet market plan. • Effective communication and interpersonal skills with strong problem • Solving & organizational abilities. • Active member of Rayon Division Safety Committee. • Production planning & its Execution  EDUCATION  B.Sc in Chemistry  Bombay University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1989  SKILLS  Team Management, Marketing Management, Branding, Sales Manager, Sales Management, Achiever, Marketing research & analysis
