Ashwini Vartak Assistant General Manager Financial Controlling (Accounts) - Volkswagen Group Sales Finance India Pvt. Ltd  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashwini-Vartak/6cd45c0cac555f4b  • Over 13 years experience in budget, cost and accounting analysis, reporting, and financial consolidation in manufacturing organisations and trading organisation. • Expertise in the areas of Strategic Planning and Management, Financial Accounting and Controlling, Group Reporting, Supply chain Finance, Pricing, Internal Controls & Compliance, Audits and Business Processes. • Driving enhancement in financial systems and processes, reviewing complex financial data and contributing towards strategic deliverables of organization. • Strong analytical and problem solving skills, analyzing existing systems and procedures, adaptable with changing business needs and environment. • Successfully lead and implemented cross functional projects/ SOPs.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Assistant General Manager Financial Controlling (Accounts)  Volkswagen Group Sales Finance India Pvt. Ltd -  June 2015 to Present  German Automobile major Management of Dealer Payouts for Brand Audi and VW • Review of dealer target setting process and co-ordination with Brand and Brand Controller for finalising the target for VW and Audi • Review and validation of the dealer incentives for VW and Audi Planning, Budgeting and Management Reporting for Brand Porsche and Lamborghini • Preparation of annual detailed monthly budget, monthly rolling forecast and sustainable long term financial plan for the Brand considering key business inputs, Brand and Group presumptions in order to meet strategic business objectives. • Analysis and presentation of monthly financial review, inventory reports, deviation charts for the Brand to local management, Brand Headquarters and for Group board meetings. • Compilation and Analysis of Product Pricing and Profitability for various models. • To bring better cost and budgetary controls, controlling financial commitments through strict evaluation and approval process. • Financial and cost review meeting with Department Head, Brand Director, Finance Director and Managing Director for business and financial review. Other responsibilities • Defining accounting processes for new business and supporting the brands to ensure a smooth implementation • To co-ordinate for GST related changes w.r.t. accounting systems and business process • Establishing internal controls in the organization through implementation of robust business processes  MM and PP -  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashwini-Vartak/6cd45c0cac555f4b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   May 2005 to Present  005) • Legacy business process review and business process mapping. • Conduct System testing, Issue tracking and resolution; Provide system knowledge to users. • Designing Validations as per business rules. • Experience with the integration points between FI and other modules (CO, SD, MM and PP modules) • Migration of data from legacy system to SAP R/3 and Post Go-live support. • Other Responsibilities: • Audit Compliances and Internal Audit for Locations and TDS Audit. • MIS of creditors section and Review of fixed asset capitalization. Industrial Training:  Senior Manager Finance  Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Limited -  October 2008 to June 2015  a leading global pharmaceutical organization. • Standard Cost working for the product cost budget and analysis thereof. • In-depth analysis of Monthly Operations Profit and Loss statement. Comparison with budget, Forecast and gap analysis. • IGAAP / IFRS based Consolidated Financial Statements including review and conversion of subsidiary financials. • Completed the IFRS Financial Statements for generics group along for quarter ended  Valuation of Subsidiaries and products -  2010 to December 2010  for impairment testing as per the statutes. • Review of monthly SBU MIS for Developed markets and co-ordination with foreign subsidiaries for explanations to major observations / deviations. • Review and support for US GAAP Financial Statements and US Tax Return. • Inventory management including tracking of new product launches. • Conducted detailed analysis of inventory for presenting to management the potential write off. Further co-ordinated with the commercial team to evaluation the mitigation of these write off through sale or alternate use. • Intragroup receivable / fund management on daily/ weekly basis. Third party receivable tracking for US entity in co-ordination with local finance and sales. • Actively involved with banks for funding. • Co-ordinated with RBI and bankers for ensuring compliance of FEMA w.r.t foreign receivables. Also ensured corrections by bankers in their system for incorrect receivable outstanding disclosed to RBI. • Developed and implemented system of export incentive tracking and followed up with the logistics and export department for long standing unclaimed incentives. • Preparation of data / documents for the Transfer Price Audit and Report (form 3CEB) and ensuring completion of TP Audit / assessment as per the timelines. Quarterly review of transfer prices • Providing of Financial data / information for Draft Red Herring Prospectus and Red Herring    Prospectus.  Manager Controlling  Bayer CropScience Limited -  December 2006 to September 2008  global enterprise in health care, nutrition and high tech materials. • Preparation of monthly MIS of Group Performance for the Management. • Preparation of SBU consolidated financials. • Structuring and monitoring systems for budget. • Review of budget and estimates of Businesses and reporting to Holding Company. • Assisting in standard cost working and variance analysis. • Preparation and assisting in finalization of Transfer Pricing for the International Group Transactions.  Executive Accounts  Larsen & Toubro Limited -  March 2006 to November 2006  Preparation of MIS Report of Operating Divisions and company level MIS Report. • Review of Subsidiary Balance Sheet. • Preparation of Notes to Accounts for Standalone and Consolidated Accounts.  Management Trainee  Wockhardt Limited -  January 2005 to February 2006  pharmaceutical and biotechnology major Responsibilities as Core team member in the SAP R/3 (Version 5.0) Implementation project FI/CO  Income Tax Return and documentation under Transfer Pricing study and Assisting  Colour- Chem Limited -  August 2003 to October 2004  Aug. 2003 to Oct. 2004  • Compilation of data / information for Tax Audit u/s 44AB, Income Tax Return and documentation under Transfer Pricing study and Assisting in preparation of Sales Tax Monthly and Annual Return. • Scrutiny of assessment / appellate orders. Providing information to tax consultants for assessment/ appeals. Articleship:  proprietor    M/s. S. P. Pathak & Co -  Thane, Maharashtra -  August 2001 to August 2003  -Thane Aug. 2001 to Aug. 2003 • Computation of Income & preparation of Income Tax Return of Individuals & Partnership Firms • Accounting & Audit of Co-operative Housing Societies, Partnership firms and Sole proprietor. • Preparation of Projected Balance Sheet & Income Statement. Professional & educational qualifications: (All in 1st attempt)  EDUCATION  CMA  Chartered Institute of Management Accountants  November 2009  Institute of Chartered Accountants of India  May 2004  B.Com.  University of Mumbai (Mulund College of Commerce) -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  March 2003
