Abbas Reshamwala Assistant Sales Manager - Sterling Holiday Resorts Ltd  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Abbas-Reshamwala/ a4dbb5e6ed9b5682  A Challenging position in an organization, where my professional experiences and skills are utilized to the fullest in enhancing personal as well as organizational growth.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Assistant Sales Manager  Sterling Holiday Resorts Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  May 2016 to Present  Job Profile, • To promote lifestyle and luxury memberships to HNI's clientele in Mumbai and Outstation Venues. • Forecasting and planning the daily and weekly sales activities. • Monitor market intelligence with competitors. • To solve members queries. • Expedite daily reports. • Leading the Team. • Taking one-on-one session with Executive for improvement. • Short-listing resumes as per job profile. • Sales Productivity and preparing daily MIS. • Identify Training Needs. • Meeting Monthly/ Quarterly and Yearly targets. • Data Management. • Motivate team and keep healthy and positive environment.  Sales Executive  Holidays and Resorts Ltd -  February 2008 to Present  008 till Nov.  Assistant Manager  Dubai, AE -  December 2015 to March 2016  Job Profile, • Handled team of 4 Executives • To promote lifestyle and luxury memberships such as Holidays,  https://www.indeed.com/r/Abbas-Reshamwala/a4dbb5e6ed9b5682?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Abbas-Reshamwala/a4dbb5e6ed9b5682?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Clubs, Fitness and Events to HNI's clientele. • To Convince the clients and Closed the Deals • To solve members queries. • Expedite daily reports. • Leading the Team. • Taking one-on-one session with Executive for improvement. • Meeting Monthly/ Quarterly and Yearly targets. • Motivate team and keep healthy and positive environment.  Assistant Manager  UAE Exchange -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  November 2014 to April 2015  Job Profile, • Handled the team of 5 staffs. • To deal in Foreign Currencies Exchange in Buying and Selling. • To deal in Foreign Remittance, DD, Travelers cheque and Global Debit Card. • To deal with Corporate Company and to expand business through new tie up companies. • To deal in transactions with Instant Money transfer, Western Union, Express Money transfer. • To do Marketing Activities such as Promos, Distributions of Fliers and Society Activities.  Manager  Pancard Clubs, Panoramic Group -  March 2011 to March 2014  Job Profile • Handled team of 12 include 10 Executives and 2 Asst. Managers • To promote lifestyle and luxury memberships to HNI's clientele. • Forecasting and planning the daily and weekly sales activities. • Monitor market intelligence with competitors. • To solve members queries. • Expedite daily reports. • Leading the Team. • Taking one-on-one session with Executive for improvement. • Short-listing resumes as per job profile. • Sales Productivity and preparing daily MIS. • Identify Training Needs. • Meeting Monthly/ Quarterly and Yearly targets.    • Data Management. • Motivate team and keep healthy and positive environment.  Lead Generation through various activities  Holidays and Resorts Ltd -  2010 to 2010  2010. Job Profile: • To promote lifestyle and luxury memberships to HNI's clientele. • To identify customer needs. • To Achieve Sales Target. • Lead Generation through various activities. • Meeting clients in venue and office  Sales Executive  Holiday investment Exchange -  February 2001 to December 2007  Job Profile: • To promote lifestyle and luxury memberships to HNI's clientele. • To identify customer needs. • To Achieve Sales Target. • Meeting clients in venue and office  SKILLS  OUTLOOK (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  COMPUTER SKILLS:  Proficient in MS-Outlook & MS- Office. Expertise on Internet etc.  Personal
