Gajendra Dhatrak Business Head - Big Bazaar  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Gajendra-Dhatrak/7696787f11638bf0  • 21 years of experience in Sales & Marketing operations with RETAIL & FMCG with Reliance Retail, Subhiksha Trading, HINDUSTAN LEVER, Eveready Industries India Ltd, • Worked as Chief Manager Operations-Aug 2006-June 2015 ( for NORTH MAHARASHTRA & Rest of Karnataka with Reliance Retail managing sales and business development operations for Reliance Fresh & Hyper Markets from PUNE • Experience in setting up and development of the dealer network and execution of strategic plan for sales and business distribution • Holds distinction of exploring new market and standardizing sales operation for escalating turnovers & achieving plan goals. • Proficient in setting up Retail Outlets Chains super markets, hyper markets • Proficient in managing business operations encompassing channel management, supply chain management, market / competition analysis & people management. • Exceptional communication and presentation skill with demonstrated abilities in training, team building and driving front liners and second line executives. • A Graduate in commerce from Mumbai University & Diploma in Business Management  Willing to relocate to: Gujarat - Karnataka - Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Business Head  Big Bazaar -  May 2016 to Present  2016  • Task focused • Encourage Creativity and Innovation • Flair for Quality Execution with quick turnaround time. • Identifying competitors and assimilating competitive analysis • Inventory Management checks while coordinating with Warehouse for stock movement • ensuring optimum stock levels are maintained by all the departments • Sales Budgeting & Planning, Implementing measures for Cost Control. • Analyses space allocation category-wise and subcategory-wise with respect to the Sales generated, stock capacity and seasons • Training staff on Product Knowledge, Merchandising, Inventory Develop & motivate the team to ensure productivity • Optimize employee productivity through effective communication and transparency  Project Manager  Reliance Retail -  Pune, Maharashtra -  https://www.indeed.com/r/Gajendra-Dhatrak/7696787f11638bf0?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   June 2015 to May 2016  • Developing the long term and annual store network plan across West zone • Catchment study and analysis for core catchment study and property finalization. • Space planning & designing of new and existing stores. • Competition mapping and tracking • Co-ordination with property consultant and for data bank for future reference / new store launching.  Cluster Head Chief Manager Operation for North Maharashtra & Karnataka from Pune From August 2006-June 2015  Notable Accomplishments  • Recipient of Best Performance Award @ national level for outstanding performance in Shrink & Dump control, cost control, highest increase in sales @ national level. • Successfully managed operation of Reliance Fresh stores with top line growth & profitability & resource management. • Implemented Strategy for the retail business development and expansion • Supervise key operation like merchandising, marketing and retail operation for the stores • Competition mapping & analysis • Strategic planning for implementing promotions for maximize walk inns with increase no. of Tickets & increase in ticket size & cost cutting operations. • Completed business mapping & profiling to finalize store locations with business potential • Completed Hyper Market site selection with business mapping, research work for HYPER Markets in North Maharashtra • Selections & training of store manager & floor sales associates • Distribution Centre & collection centre finalization to start up supply chain • Completed survey of CDIT, HOME FURNISHING & FMCG survey to • Analyze business potential • Roll out stores and manage the top line of the retail business for specified format  SUBHIKSHA TRADING SERVICES -  Pune, Maharashtra -  January 2006 to August 2006  Notable Accomplishments • Completed Socio-Economic survey to finalize the catchments area for SUBHIKSHA Outlets @ pune • Completed FMCG Surveys & Mapping for finalizing business size of Outlets. • Completed consumer survey & mapping for finalizing outlets locations. • Property Survey to understand rate & availability of property for outlets. • Finalizing distribution centre s survey & selection. • Completed SUBHIKSHA S AURANGABAD operation with setting up of 9 SUBHIKSHA STORES. • All Nine SUBHIKSHA S Stores are operational with handsome business volumes.  Area Sales Manager  Eveready Industries INDIA Ltd -    August 1998 to December 2005  Notable Accomplishments • Established a network covering the urban & rural areas with a population of over 15000 people. • Appointed 195 distributors & 10 SUPER STOCKIST - gained market share for new products like Tez & Jaago Tea. • Planned a systematic result oriented implementation for a local promotional activity. • Successfully planned, coordinated & implemented a local trade promotion that targeted house wives in Maharashtra and Goa for the visibility of the product & achieved 100% participation. • Designed a programme called Train the Trainer & arranged an in house & on the job training for sales representatives and officers. • Planned an operation of Up-Country Van operations for maximum coverage and selling. • Maintained low manpower turnover of frontline salesmen to sales officer s, executives & distributors. • Maintained branch financials, data management & C & F agents. • Increased sales by 32% and escalated revenue for the company.  Territory Sales Officer  Hindustan Lever Ltd -  December 1992 to August 1998  Notable accomplishments  • Recipient of the Star Performer award for All Round Performance at a state level. • Recipient of the Champion of Champions award for All Round Performance at a national level. • Successfully developed & maintained new network for HINDUSTAN LEVER- FOOD PRODUCTS and resulted in maximum UNPAID Visibility & tertiary sales. • Initiated a new reporting system for day-to-day business operations in Metros, Mini Metros, and TLP & FLP weekly reporting and ensured seamless operations. • Augmented sales by 132 % and exceeded the set targets.  Shop Manager  Bata India Ltd -  December 1990 to December 1992  looked after the floor management, inventory management, training staff achieving targets and liaising with customers as well as the higher management.  EDUCATION  Diploma in Management  Business Mgmt. Ghatkopar Institute of Management  1988    B.Com  Bombay University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1986  SKILLS  SALES (10+ years), OPERATIONS (10+ years), TRAINING (10+ years), MARKET SHARE (7 years), PROMOTIONAL (7 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  AREAS OF EXPERTISE  Profit Centre Operations  • Identify and develop new streams for long-term revenue growth and maintaining relationships with customers to achieve repeat/ referral business. • Conduct competitor analysis by keeping abreast of market trends and competitor moves to achieve market share metrics. Utilize the public information & personal network for generating leads.  Sales & Marketing  • Conceptualizing and implementing sales promotional strategies as a part of brand building and market development effort. • Forecasting monthly/annual sales targets and executing them in a given time frame thereby enhancing existing clientele. • Devising & effectuating competitive selling programs/strategies to improve the product awareness and enhance business growth.  Business Development  • Developing new clients by comparative study of market variable such as cost etc. and providing them with superior service. • Conducting extensive market research to analyze and assess market potential, tracking competitor s activities for providing valuable inputs to fine-tune selling & marketing strategies. • Conceptualizing, restructuring and standardizing the initiatives to enhance operational efficiencies and escalate business.  Channel Management  • Identifying and networking with financially strong and reliable dealers/channel partners, resulting in deeper market penetration and reach. • Ensuring cost effective logistic operations & seamless materials movement to ascertain sufficient inventory levels at each sales outlet/ distribution channel.  Team Management    • Motivating, mentoring, guiding and monitoring front liners and second line executives to achieve goals within the set parameters. • Setting goals with apt planning, budgeting, direction & training to achieve the goals. • Training, developing and mentoring in-house sales representatives as well as dealers, retailers and stockiest by developing new training tools.
