Mohammad Khalil Branch Manager - Monster.com  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mohammad- Khalil/4d7575eb40773ee3  Sincere, confident and ambitious, I utilize my positive and winning attitude to complete challenging projects on time. By adopting excellent interpersonal skills with an assurance of total commitment, and a perfect team spirit, I aim to achieve best results for the organization.  Academic Brief  Career Brief  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Branch Manager  Monster.com -  April 2018 to Present  Fulfilling regional quota of sales of recruitment solutions for Monster India.com and managing full-fledged Branch for Corporate Sales ➢ Recruiting, training and mentoring sales team to direct and guide them to achieve their sales targets by helping them in presenting the product to customers and negotiating for the closures. ➢ Distributing targets to the team, taking care of timely payments and necessary approvals for the services as well as developing, implementing and maintaining a business plan for the branch. ➢ Focusing on achieving customer acquisition, retention and cross sales. Managing the daily activities of the branch. Enforcing the company's policies, principles, and procedures. Inspiring and motivating staff. ➢ Interpreting, analyzing and producing sales & financial data. Enhancing awareness of the company, branch and brand. Liaising with the Marketing Manager to develop innovative marketing strategies. ➢ Responsible for dealing with complex and diverse managerial problems. ➢ Develop implement and manage a detailed business plan using total team involvement and participate in establishing team sales and service goals ➢ Work closely with partners in Human Resources to understand and implement policies and procedures pertaining to team performance ➢ Identify cultivate and expand key customer relationships through focused sales and referral activity to an assigned customer base ➢ Monitoring and managing the status and efficiency of operational procedures, identified areas for improvement and developing plans to enhance efficiency. Developing and monitoring the status of internal controls and profitability by rationing the credits. ➢ Follow up on expiring accounts and getting it renewed and assigning relationship manager to the clients for getting their queries resolved. ➢ Pitching right customers with the right solution by giving mix and match of online services like logos, banners, database and advertisements.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mohammad-Khalil/4d7575eb40773ee3?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Mohammad-Khalil/4d7575eb40773ee3?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Regional Head - West  Thomas Cook India Limited -  March 2015 to July 2017  Accomplishing regional sales & human resource objectives by recruiting, selecting, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, coaching, motivating and disciplining employees in assigned region; communicating job expectations; planning, monitoring, appraising, and reviewing job contributions; planning and reviewing compensation actions; enforcing policies and procedures. ➢ Achieving regional sales operational objectives by contributing regional sales information and recommendations to strategic plans and reviews; preparing and completing action plans; implementing productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; resolving problems; identifying trends; determining regional sales system improvements; implementing change. ➢ Meeting regional sales financial objectives by forecasting requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions.  ➢ Establishing sales objectives by creating a sales plan and quota for region in support of national objectives. ➢ Maintaining and expanding customer base by counseling district sales representatives; building and maintaining rapport with key customers; identifying new customer opportunities. ➢ Recommending product lines by identifying new product opportunities, and/or product changes and service changes; surveying consumer needs and trends; tracking competitors. ➢ Implements trade promotions by publishing, tracking, and evaluating trade spending. ➢ Updating job knowledge by participating in Travel & Trade related opportunities; reading professional publications for Travel & Tourism; maintaining personal networks. ➢ Accomplishing sales and organization mission by completing related results as needed.  Career Brief Work Profile  Key Responsibilities  Work Profile  Key Responsibilities  Work Profile  Key Responsibilities  Key Achievements  Work Profile  HEAD - Business Development - Software Sales (Corporate Sales)  ANMsoft Technologies Private Limited -  June 2014 to February 2015    Managing a full-service department of staff members consisting of Pre Sales, BDMs for new sales, and Relationship Managers & Support team as a Head for Business Development. ➢ MIS generation -Weekly sales report, track monthly productivity and prepare reports necessary to Management for implementing Sales and Marketing policies and procedures in the Organization. ➢ Reducing costs per heads by implementing sales action plans. ➢ Monitoring daily operations, ensuring integrity of corporate service, negotiating with different supplier and distribution Channels while maintaining productivity levels. ➢ Acting as escalation point for team to resolve critical customer service issues. ➢ Understanding corporate channels for business deliver ➢ Aggressive relationship management with existing clients. ➢ Participating as an exhibitor in Trade Fairs/Summits, to strengthen corporate relationship and increase sales opportunities for the team. ➢ Analyzing and laying sales strategies for different markets. ➢ Re Pricing of products if required as per the competition study and market analysis and also preparing bundle products related to software sales of Travel Accounting System, Hotel Management Software, CRM, etc. under schemes and offers to promote specific product sales. ➢ Exceptional leadership, organizational, oral/written communication, interpersonal, analytical, and problem resolution skills. Excel in both independent and collaborative work environments. ➢ Proactive leader with refined business acumen and exemplary people skills. Facilitate a team approach to achieve organizational objectives, increase productivity and enhance employee morale. ➢ Focused sales team efforts on qualification on high-yield prospective clients as opposed to random client capture, leading to increase in numbers of clients with less commitment  ➢ Responsible for maintaining profitability of P&L for the Department. ➢ Recruiting, training, developing and motivating the team. ➢ Properly tackling the negotiation part during the closure of deals keeping profitability of company in mind. ➢ Seeking, evaluating and participating as an exhibitor/visitor in Trade Fairs/Summits pan India, to strengthen corporate relationship and increase sales opportunities for the team.  Sales Manager - Corporate Sales  Cleartrip Private Limited -  February 2011 to May 2014  Performing Online Sales operations by delivering product presentations to the decision makers. ➢ Understanding company's travel need and providing appropriate online travel solutions to save their travel cost and have better control on their Travel Management System.. ➢ Designing customized proposals and presentations for the Clients and explaining the same to close the deals. ➢ Maintaining a regular and constant follow up with the clients to ensure timely closures. ➢ Focussing on Relationship Management with the existing clients to generate avenues for recurring business and increase profitability. ➢ Timely coordination with the back end and sales support team to ensure smooth sales activities. ➢ Proactive efforts to serve the clients and solve their queries, complimenting new sales with client servicing.    ➢ Work closely with the team members and back end team with proper utilization of internal and external resources to ensure achievement of sales targets. ➢ Reporting to Regional Manager - Corporate Sales.  ➢ Handled a team of 4 BDMs. ➢ Assisting them on closure calls and on meetings where negotiations are required. ➢ Helping and guiding them to close their deals and achieve their individual target as well as taking care of the overall achievement of the team target. ➢ Handling the implant personnel and guiding him wherever in house implants are being given to the corporates. ➢ Handling a set of Key Accounts.  Account Manager  The Times Of India -  July 2007 to January 2011  Corporate Sales.  ➢ Responsible for the sales and branding of online as well as offline activities across verticals for Timesjobs.com through delivering relevant audiences to clients as well as selling innovative concepts to them with reporting to Zonal Manager. ➢ Planning and executing focused and special features on varied segments in the Times group Publications. ➢ Concentrating on competition conversions. ➢ Identifying and exploring new markets to tap profitable business opportunities in addition to servicing existing key accounts. ➢ Identifying and networking with prospective clients, generating business from the new / existing accounts and achieving increased sales growth, thus increasing profitability ➢ Responsible for the branding and publicity for Timesjobs.com through events, job fairs and other promotional activities. ➢ Getting sponsorships for event-related activity and involvement in decisions regarding corporate tie-ups. ➢ Judging market potential to maximize revenues, forecasting and establishing selling strategies for new business opportunities by a constant study of the market conditions. ➢ Maintaining effective relations with key accounts to ensure customer satisfaction and generate avenues for repeat and business for Timesjobs.com. ➢ Assisting and directing back-office operations and processing to ensure excellent service to clients.  ➢ Identifying and networking with prospective clients, generating business from the new / existing accounts and achieving increased sales growth, thus increasing profitability. ➢ Designing & Implementing marketing activities for enhancing visibility / coverage & reach. ➢ Ensuring maximum brand visibility and capturing optimum market shares. ➢ Responsible for achieving pre-determined sales targets. ➢ Provide customized recruitment solutions best suited to corporate clients through Job Fairs, TimesJobs.com, an online recruitment portal and varied segments of Times of India Publications- Media sales (Print Ads)    ➢ Coordinating with Ad agencies for Print Ad's. ➢ Handling a defined set of Key accounts and Corporate Clients. ➢ Handling a team of 3 Account Managers.  ➢ Awarded with certificate by CEO of the company for extra ordinary performance. ➢ Undergone Leadership training by Bharti Resources. ➢ Undergone \"Sales Coaching\" training.  60 days: Worked at INDORAMA SYNTHETICS as a Management trainee in Finance Department.  ➢ Assisting in assessing working capital requirements and preparation of reports, filling applications. ➢ Assisting in overall accounting activities including preparation & finalization of books of accounts. ➢ Analyzing various statements such as Fund Flow & Cash Flow together with budgetary control, credit receivable control, Inventory control and others. ➢ Assisting in Finalization of Corporate Accounts, Financial reporting, budgets, budgetary control, MIS and analytics, co-ordination of audit.  45 days: Worked at ICICI BANK as a Management Trainee under Home Loans.  ➢ Work with the team to achieve targets every month, achieve monthly as well as quarterly targets including channel targets. ➢ Keep a proper track of the existing clients and follow up with them for new business. Building new client base for recurring business. ➢ Ensure proper documentation and compliance with policies and processes, ensure proper credit checks, resolve file discrepancies. ➢ Follow team culture, volunteer to help others when needed and contribute constructively to team goals.  Finance & Marketing  -  2005 to 2007  2005-2007: Completed 2 years of full time Post Graduate Diploma in Business Administration from Rai Business School, specializing in Finance & Marketing.  Cost & Management Accounting  Master in Commerce -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  2004 to 2006  Nagpur. Affiliated to Nagpur University. Attained 58% aggregate, excelling in Cost & Management Accounting.  Senior Sales Executive    Globe Travels India Pvt. Ltd -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  May 2004 to June 2005  Assisting in designing tour packages and calculation of total budget. ➢ Making corporate presentations and explaining the different types of tour packages to corporate clients. ➢ Identifying new area of business growth and establishing cost effective network of travel agent (Channel partners) resulting in deeper market penetration. ➢ Reviewing interpreting competition after in depth analysis market information to fine tune of marketing strategies and escalate business volume. ➢ Relationship building with customer/ corporate / travel agent, sending quotation for general and specific. ➢ Identifying Corporate, Sending Our Business proposals to Marketing / Admin / HR Dept. & try to close the deal with series of meeting & presentations. ➢ Implementing competent business strategies to market a wide range of products for accomplishing sales & profit targets.  Projects On \"ICICI Home Loan\" at ICICI Bank (Head office), Nagpur as a Management Trainee. The project studies the detailed analysis of Home Loan and cash management and its mechanisms at ICICI Bank. On \"Working Capital Management\" at INDORAMA SYNTHETICS, Nagpur as a Management Trainee. The project studies the detailed analysis of Balance Sheet and Working Capital Fund Management.  Master in Commerce -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  2001 to 2004  Affiliated to Nagpur University. Secured 60% aggregate, excelling in Financial Accounting & Statistics.  Master in Commerce -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  2000 to 2001  Nagpur. Affiliated to Maharashtra State Board. Secured 50% aggregate marks.  St. John's High School -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  1997 to 1998  Secured 75% aggregate marks.  EDUCATION  CIC in computing  IGNOU
