Sagar Kurada Manager - Product Development  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sagar-Kurada/aa1276ed338a14e0  Determination to obtain high level of excellence in a growth oriented organization that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative, and flexible to utilize my skill set to put in best performance in all kinds of challenging jobs to yield best results possible.  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Hyderabad, Telangana - Bangalore, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Manager - Product development  Anchor Electricals Pvt. Ltd -  April 2015 to Present  Current profile: Review and undertake market and competitor review, specifying market requirements for current and future products by conducting market research supported by on-going visits to customers and non-customers. • Data mining, secondary research, Report Presentation, Analysis of data / research Reports. • Conduct face to face and/or Telephonic Interviews with subject matter experts (Dealers, Builders, consultant, Architects, Specifiers) • Tabulation of findings, drawing out inferences and projections if required based on market data.  Understanding customer and market needs, now and in the future • In cooperation with Sales and Segment Marketing identify and map customer and market requirements • Understand market development trends and key drivers  Develop and update product category strategy • Develop/Update product category strategy • Based on current strategy, as well as the understanding of customer and market needs • Value proposition • Positioning, absolutely and relative to other competitor products. • Maintain roadmaps  Product Development • Identifies new product development opportunities based on current market requirements and future market needs. • Specifying market requirements for current and future products - In close cooperation with Marketing • Feasibility study of all new product proposals for contribution and capacity planning. • Identifying potential OEM vendors for catering to new products requirements. • Identify and explore potential suppliers.  • Initial Screening of suppliers based on health check audits.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sagar-Kurada/aa1276ed338a14e0?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Ensure the accuracy of product and packaging samples and seek approvals required. • Initiates collateral requests within the Creative Department.  Product launch management • Together with key stake holders in the organisation plan and execute product launch, including • Ensuring marketing communication (on and off-line) • Product availability plan • Pricing • Training - To ensure frequent communication of new product's USPs to sales team.  Product management • Responsible for complete ownership of product from concept to end product on shelf • Provide detailed business plan of the product/category; including contribution per product/ product category • Updating/Maintain product during maturing phase • Evaluate any opportunities/variants from a business perspective • Phase out the product at the end of the life cycle • Product costing and price point decisions in consultation with HOD • To track performance of new products. • To ensure a single point co-ordination between production, QC & marketing departments during all stages of Product initiation to launch. • Provide necessary inputs to the sales team in form of product information and on ground support to help sell product in the desired manner. • Articulating customer complaints received from customer via sales/ marketing and further probing into investigation at factory end and providing the solution to the customer. • To oversee the authoring of technical and quality specification documents to ensure that they are appropriate, complete and effective as well as being technically and editorially accurate. • Product promotion at various events conducted by ELECRAMA, ACE Tech.  • Visited CANTON FAIR, Guangzhou, China for identifying OEM for various specialty cables.  Anchor Electricals Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  September 2010 to Present  Mumbai (Maharashtra) (From Sep '10 to present)  Reporting to Business Head  Sales & Marketing (Cables Division)  Gupta power infrastructure limited -  Bhubaneshwar, Orissa -  May 2009 to August 2010  Obtaining Brand (Vendor Registration) Generating leads by visiting Booking and executing the Order. Provided assistance to General Manager for ensuring follow up, payment realization and execution of the order execution. Generating and managing Business from various dealers. Generating Business from various Commercial & Residential Projects.    Significant experience in working with OEM customers, project managers and technical teams for securing & executing projects.  Exploring potential business avenues and managing industrial sales operations for achieving increased business growth and initiating market development efforts. Analyzing latest marketing trends and tracking competitors’ activities and providing valuable inputs for fine tuning sales & marketing strategies. To identify all technical issues of assigned accounts to assure complete customer satisfaction through all stages of the sales process. Responsible for development and delivery of product demonstrations Responsible for representing the product to customers and at field events such as conferences, seminars, etc. To convey customer requirements to Product Management teams Travel to plant locations and dealers. Getting customer voice and feedback and converting them into information which can be further used for customer satisfaction.  EDUCATION  MBA  KIIT School of Management  SKILLS  MARKETING (4 years), LIFE CYCLE (3 years), MARKET RESEARCH (3 years), NEW PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT (3 years), PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT (3 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  KEY SKILLS: Product Management, New Product Development, Marketing, Market research, Customer voice, Planning, Product development, Product Life cycle, Product specialist, Product Launch, Promotional Events, Marketing Communication.  CORE COMPETENCIES: * Good at interacting with business heads and line managers * New product development * Strategic Planning & Implementation. * Ability to interpret research findings & translate into business actionable * Understanding of Quantitative and Qualitative research
