Jitendra. Makhijani Solutions Manager - Sterling Information Resources India Pvt Ltd  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jitendra- Makhijani/3cc103002a5a823b  • Six Sigma Green Belt Trained with over 15 years of experience in Project Management, Operations and Team Management.  • Presently associated with Sterling Information Resources India Pvt Ltd. As Solutions Manager  • An Executive Leader with demonstrated prowess in heading BPO/KPO Operations, escalating business progressively by undertaking strategic initiatives through operational excellence, thought leadership and harmonizing organizational competencies  • Deft in interfacing with multiple clients on service delivery & operational excellence and supporting them in translating business needs into effective functional requirements  • Domain knowledge of the BPO/ KPO/ LPO industry spanning Customer Service, Technical Support, Payroll Operations, HRO, Product Support and Back Office Services  • Adroit in ensuring delivery of high quality services to support customer's business needs and achieve high customer satisfaction from all operational users of services  • Resourceful at channelizing tasks in various delivery teams working in different technologies & functionalities  • An effective communicator with good interpersonal & people management skills  WORK EXPERIENCE  Solutions Manager  Sterling Information Resources India Pvt Ltd -  April 2017 to Present  Key Result Areas. • Serving as Single Point of Contact between Sterling and Clients to execute requests, projects, issues and changes. • Managing the SalesForce queue in regards to the request put forth by account manager and assigning it to the right resources based on project requirements. • Coordinating and managing requests related to project customization and creating specifications, use cases & delivery documentation. • Interacting with Accounts Managers & Customers to define program lifecycles for customers' rollouts • Tracking results with plan throughout the program lifecycle. • Documenting necessary reports to track all activities related to customer programs and ensuring information is available to respective teams.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Jitendra-Makhijani/3cc103002a5a823b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Jitendra-Makhijani/3cc103002a5a823b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Creating project plan & presenting to the client and ensuring the program is completed within mentioned deadline. • Updating project status report on weekly basis.  Highlight: • Successfully completed projects within the given timeline & with zero defects and attained 100% C-SAT  Implementation Project Manager  LRN Technology & Content Solutions Pvt Ltd -  August 2009 to April 2017  Mumbai as Operations Manager-Back Office  Diamond Info Solutions Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  June 2008 to June 2009  Team Leader  Unicorn Info Services Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  February 2008 to June 2008  Team Leader (Operations)  Wipro -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  January 2003 to December 2007  Highlights: • Deft in gathering maximum C-SAT scores for 6 months in the credit card process • Received \"Best Team Leader\" Award across the floor for CSAT Scores & Compliance Adherence in 2005. • Handled a team of around 20 people in my previous organizations. • Taken additional responsibilities like screening of candidates and conducting interviews across agent levels.  ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXPERIENCE  Sales Supervisor  Prime Marketing -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  June 2001 to December 2002  Family business involved in distributorship of FMCG Companies like HLL, Amul, Dabur & Kelloggs)  Sales Supervisor  Prime Marketing -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -    March 1998 to June 1999  EDUCATION  B.Sc. in Botany  Ramniranjan Jhunjhunwala College  1998  St. Pius X High School -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1993  Post Graduate Diploma in Business Administration  S.I.E.S College of Management Studies  SKILLS  OPERATIONS (5 years), CLIENTS (1 year), DEPLOYMENT (Less than 1 year), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), TEAM MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  CORE COMPETENCIES  Project Management  • Ensuring assigned projects are correctly planned & managed during execution; identifying important potential risks related to project.  • Defining objectives, requirements and necessary assumptions to structure management project.  Team Management  • Establishing relations with existing & prospective employees to interpret all individual requirements for the smooth execution of projects; attending technical meetings & checking the feasibilities with all concerns teams for smoother deployment process.  • Collaborating effectively with all team members and conducting regular team meetings  Client Servicing  • Managing entire service operations including implementation of various techniques for improving the process operations.  • Maintaining relationships with clients to achieve quality product & service norms by resolving their service related critical issues
