Bikram Bhattacharjee Senior Sales Manager - B2B  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Bikram-Bhattacharjee/ d8538f6312a73645  With 9+ years of collective experience in the hospitality, healthcare and Education industry, I have acquired a tremendous amount of hands on, business skills, business development, client needs, critical thinking, project management knowledge, market analysis, client servicing, strategic alliances and training.  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Bangalore, Karnataka - Thane, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Sales Manager  AUTHBRIDGE RESEARCH SERVICES PVT. LTD -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  July 2017 to Present  Responsible for adding new clients in the west region and increase wallet share. AuthBridge believes in creating solutions rather selling commodities. Here we try to understand the day to day business challenges and the Risk that Organization might incur during various transactions, be it employees, customers or vendors/partners. By meeting stake holders of Banking, Insurance, Manufacturing, ecommerce, On Demand businesses, Real estate, Aggregator and so on. Find the right solution which would be easy to implement and cost effective. We work in the areas of employee screening services, risk mitigation services as Due Diligence, solution on AML, Fraud etc. We deliver TRUST ON DEMAND.  AVP Sales  Enthralltech Pvt. Ltd -  January 2016 to June 2017  Responsible for managing 360-degree relationships with customers based across west region, India.  • I manage the CXO relationships and responsible for selling entire suite of Enthralltech Services, Products and Services. • I am goaled on Revenue, Relationship Management, Team orchestration, Technology adoption and Compete solution replacements. • Primary functions include Business Management, Opportunity Management and Relationship Management, Project Management  Key Account Manager  https://www.indeed.com/r/Bikram-Bhattacharjee/d8538f6312a73645?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Bikram-Bhattacharjee/d8538f6312a73645?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   EduRiser -  March 2013 to October 2015  Focused on discovering and developing high quality learning solutions for clients, be it technology enabled learning, class room training or business simulations.  Manage financial and business objectives including contract revenue, value add revenue, renewals, expenses and margins and performance targets.  Manage and monitor client satisfaction, and recommend appropriate strategies, tactics and operational initiatives to continuously enhance client satisfaction.  EduRiser Partnered with CrossKnowledge. CrossKnowledge is the global leader in online education for Fortune 2000 organizations. CrossKnowledge's learning solutions enable business alignment, fast workforce empowerment, guaranteeing a unique learning experience for the individual and a measurable return on engagement, skills & knowledge acquisition, and overall ROI for the organization. CrossKnowledge originated out of France and is one of the most innovative learning solutions organizations in the world. Wiley acquired CrossKnowledge in April of 2014 because of CrossKnowledge's focus on learning innovation, its high growth, and it's content (eLearning content from the most prestigious academic and business minds in the world) . CrossKnowledge has a 94% customer retention rate with a very engaging (completely unique) and adaptive learning approach and the highest KPIs in the industry. Our solutions incorporate social platforms, virtual mentoring, custom content, and gaming, Our content is designed to be inspiring and inductive - all of which helps to create an environment of pull/self-learning.  CrossKnowledge is a repeated winner of the most prestigious learning solutions awards in the industry including Brandon Hall, Bersin by Deloitte, CLO, The Training Industry, etc. Some of our clients include; B Braun, Tata Communications, AirBus Group, Merck, Boehringer, Taj Hotels, Abbott Pharma, HDFC Life, Capital First to name a few.  Asst. Manager - Projects  Dr. P. Banerji Telemedicine centre Kolkata -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  October 2011 to January 2013  Brand development, growth, advertising, brand strategy and statistics systems.  Strategic Consulting, including business plan & sales strategy. Advising new businesses opportunities, formation of corporations and business structures, legal policies and structuring commercial transactions. Planning and executing new commercial office projects. a) Merging up with other companies as business partners. b) Financial planning and strategy. c) Human Resource and Trainings.    d) Sales and Marketing - Business to business & corporate. e) Administration - policies and standards. f) Partnership and investments. g) Analyses internal work quality and ensure the enhanced employees performance. h) Procurement i) Managing & handling facility of the office and administrative area. j) Planning, organizing and managing 3rd party staff and ensure 3rd Party vendor has deployed staff as per required expectation of their skills on respective responsibilities. k) SOPs for maintenance, safety, operations and creating checklists for the day to day operations. l) Budgeting  Business Associate  Appco Group -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  December 2010 to June 2011  Tasks included direct Marketing in a face to face capacity, examples of these included NGO, Telecommunications and Entertainment. In addition other responsibilities included Human Resources- Talent acquisitions of a new candidates. Finance and Administration - Sales target, training and development of team members.  Guest Service Officer  Hyatt Regency -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  September 2008 to December 2010  Food and Bar Service - Regency Club Lounge  The Butler within the Regency Club is responsible for looking after the needs of the Hyatt Regency's elite guests. Responsibilities included taking guest calls and helping them with questions and queries about the hotel and Mumbai. Requests and where handled with care, discretion and agility. Responsibilities also included ensure the guests received the highest quality meals and beverages around the clock. This role enabled close customer contact and helped to obtain and improve skills in relationship building.  Food and Bar Service - Guest Service Associate  Worked at the bar and fine dining restaurant as a waiter, taking ordered in the Point of Sale system. Tasks include responsibility for food pick up and delivery, food inventory, maintaining bar stock. Was also a waiter at the Hyatt Regency premier Italian restaurant Stax  Internship Trainee  Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces -  September 2006 to March 2007    EDUCATION  Bachelor's in Hotel Management  Nshm Academy  2005 to 2009  The Little Star School  SKILLS  SALES (8 years), BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT (Less than 1 year), Account Management, Solution Selling, Enterprise Sales  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Specialties: • Corporate Sales & Business Development with excellent relationship building skills • Capable of understanding the customer's business drivers, business issues and objectives and approaching them with ideas and new perspectives which would help • Highly client focused and experienced in C-Level & Senior Management Level relationship building • Strong background in working with cross-functional teams and internal stakeholders to identify, evaluate, and present innovative product idealizations and strategic partnerships that open up additional revenue streams.
