Prashant Narayankar Manager - Marketing & Projects - ASPEE Pvt Ltd  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Prashant-Narayankar/ f511b245dba39676  • Marketing Manager with 9 years of experience in agriculture and hospitality industry. • Pilot Project Management: Successfully planned and implemented go to market (end consumer) strategy projects resulting in annual sales growth of 23% of the region. • Standardization: Standardized marketing collateral, branding and product packaging for easy brand recognition and support sales in demand generation. • Business Alliance: Associated with agencies/organisations for inclusion of products to minimise product range gap to be offered to customers resulting significant increase in sales turnover (15 % of total sales) • Team Development: Developed customer focused sales team by organising best practice workshops.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Manager - Marketing & Projects  ASPEE Pvt Ltd -  August 2016 to Present  Agriculture & Vector UPL Ltd (Aug 2011 - July 2016) - Crop Protection & Control Sprayers & Farm Mechanised Equipment Agriculture Inputs Responsible for PAN India marketing activities (annual Responsible for overall business performance of brand turnover Rs. 187 crore) to promote entire product portfolio Unimart (Agri-Retail wing of UPL Ltd) at Pan India level and generate demand and handle business projects to • Achieved 23% annual sales growth, by delivering Rs.24 Cr stream line business process and increase consumer connect sales by implementing effective go to market strategy. • Successfully developed strategy to launch new brand and • Improved sales & marketing team work efficiency and product line with an effective marketing communication sales productivity by designing effective BTL activities and brand visibility plan, for Rs 40 Cr annual sales that include product campaigning and demonstration, turnover. exhibition participation, field visits, group meetings etc. • Determine and manage annual marketing budget (Rs. 2.5 • Store branding for standardisation and uniformity at PAN Cr. - ATL, TTL & BTL activities) . India level to establish unique brand identity and - Developed audio-visual films for television presence in market for easy brand recognition. advertisement, events and exhibitions, and scheduled • Implemented stock management process with regular  https://www.indeed.com/r/Prashant-Narayankar/f511b245dba39676?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Prashant-Narayankar/f511b245dba39676?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   annual telecast on DD Kisan channel. auditing resulting in lowering stock return and expiry to - Planned and scheduled product wise annual less than 1 percent of total turnover. advertisement in print media (21 magazines & 5 • Successfully opened seven agriculture retail stores (Pan newspapers) India) by identifying potential markets through extensive - Designed and implemented marketing campaigns and market survey. product demonstrations to promote and create • Jointly run event with commercial bank (ICICI Bank) for awareness of brand/products leading to increased sales addressing credit requirement of customers for purchase enquiry up to 30%. of products, resulting in increased footfall and sales. - Introduced digital marketing activities in the organisation through effective use of social media, Project In-charge & Intuitional Sales Officer  generate sales lead  Parag Milk Products Pvt Ltd -  June 2010 to July 2011  June 2010 - July 2011) - Dairy Products - Implemented channel partner store branding for easy brand recognition and establishing a significant and Involved in Intuitional sales and development of business differentiated presence in market to attract and retain operation model for premium product loyal customers. • Conducted market surveys, generated reports to launch - Organised service camps for end consumers to retain new products in market. customer loyalty and create goodwill for the company • Planned sales strategies for newly launched premium • Conducted market research for competitor analysis, product (pride of cows - premium bottled milk) and product pricing, campaign impact on sales, introduction achieved daily sales of 1000 ltrs. of new products and market requirement for existing and • Handled marketing events to create product awareness future products. and generate sales lead. • Introduced customer care department to handle sales • Developed route plans for economical and timely delivery enquiries and complaints, and developed SOP to ensure of product at door step of more than 800 customers. 100% enquires are handled and complaints are resolved. • Maintained healthy relations with distributors and • Streamlined supply chain in pilot regions to ensure one institutional customers by providing quality products and  EDUCATION  BSc in Agri-Business Management  Lincoln University  May 2008 to June 2010    sales  S S Patil College of Ag Business Mgt -  Mumbai, Maharashtra
