Rohinton Vasania Manager - Sales - Anarock Property Consultants  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rohinton-Vasania/ a05e88c54ea6fa79  with extensive professional experience in Real Estate (currently working), ❑ Certified Six Sigma Green Belt  Customer Relationship Management (Airlines), BPO, Sales & Marketing, Retail Branding, Shipping Logistics and Flight catering ❑ Experienced in meeting service deliverables on a consistent basis  ❑ Proficient with MS Office suite  ❑ Collaborative Team approach to work  ❑ Adaptability  ❑ Creativity  ❑ Effective Communication Skills  GLOBAL EXPOSURE ❑ Interacted with clients from different parts of the world - primarily the UK & US ❑ Worked in the US for 4 months as part of the initial training with - Descartes (US shipping logistics firm)  ❑ Relocate within 15 days ❑ Fluent in English, Hindi, and Gujarati ❑ No bond with the current employer ❑ Conversant with Basic French  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - Thane, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Manager Sales  Anarock Property consultants -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  September 2017 to Present  Responsible for maximising sales conversion of leads provided for mandated real estate projects.  Senior Manager - Sales  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rohinton-Vasania/a05e88c54ea6fa79?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Rohinton-Vasania/a05e88c54ea6fa79?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Lavasa Corp Ltd -  May 2016 to Present  Subsidiary of  Manager - Sales & Customer Service  Xrbia Developers -  2012 to May 2016  Responsible for ensuring maximum conversion of walk-in customers at our project sites.  Executive - Quality & Guest Commitment  Kingfisher Airlines -  2006 to 2012  Group Leader - Project  Wipro BPO -  2002 to 2006  Euro Traditions India Pvt. Ltd.  Brand Manager  D&G Perfumes -  2001 to 2002  Officer - Publishing  Descartes System India Ltd -  1999 to 2001  World Network Services (WNS)  Customer Service Executive  Damania Airways Pvt. Ltd -  1997 to 1999  Catering Officer  Taj Air Caterers -  1993 to 1997  Flight Supervisor    Express City, a Premium Lifestyle -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  1991 to 1993  1991 - 1993  RESPONSIBILITIES Senior Manager - Sales - Xrbia ❑ Currently working at Express City, a Premium Lifestyle township near Khalapur. Have a walk- in conversion target  of 10%. CP target of 8/month and Customer referral target of 3/month.  Manager - Sales (Residential) Lavasa ❑ Responsible for ensuring sales leads generated through various mediums such as walk in's, web, events etc. are responded to in a time bound manner ❑ Generate leads through my own initiative such as Blogs, WhatsApp, Facebook, etc.  ❑ Ensure timely follow ups with prospective clients  ❑ Maintain a close and lasting relationship with clients.  ❑ Attend weekly conference meetings with our team at the Head Office for discussing concerns (if any), strategies,  and ideas to better our services. ❑ Motivate team to achieve and exceed sales targets by leading from the front.  ❑ Encourage team members to come up with innovative ideas for the sales pitch  Executive - Quality & Guest Commitment Kingfisher Airlines ❑ Responsible for resolving queries and complaints (received through emails/hard mail) as per ISO guidelines  ❑ Ensure guest loyalty by delivering prompt resolution of all service related issues.  ❑ Conduct in flight and station audits; ensure compliance of Turn Around Time for resolution of guest concerns (TAT)  ❑ Ensured that all documented service & procedural deviations were addressed with the concerned stake holders  Group Leader - Delta Airlines Project Wipro BPO ❑ Joined as a Team Leader for Baggage Services (Voice Process) ❑ Promoted to a Group Leader in charge of Sky Miles Mails (Non Voice Process) ❑ Handled escalation calls, addressed and resolved customer issues ❑ Performed    weekly calibration calls with external client (Delta Airlines)  Brand Manager (D&G Perfumes): Euro Traditions Pvt. Ltd ❑ Identification of potential target markets across India and promoted D&G perfumes at all leading Malls. ❑ Training and mentoring of staff.  Officer Publishing Descartes ❑ Off shore logistics operation Located at Vikhroli (East), Mumbai ❑ Proof reading of Shipping Contracts of major shipping companies viz., P&O and Maersk for errors and omissions ❑ Ensure seamless and timely submission of shipping agreements with the US Maritime Authority  Executive World Network Services (A subsidiary of British Airways Plc)  ❑ Responsible for responding to customer feedback/complaints/queries in an efficient manner. ❑ Communication with British Airways Customers was primarily through Letters. ❑ Offer tangible gestures of goodwill such as Chocolates, Wine Bottles and Bouquets etc.  ❑ Responsible for retaining customer loyalty  ❑ Familiarization trip to London (Heathrow & Gatwick Airport)  EDUCATION  Diploma in Industrial  Ramnarain Ruia College -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1987  Bachelor of Science in Chemistry  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1986  SKILLS  Sales, Real Estate, Six Sigma Green Belt, Communication Skills, Social Media. MS Office (10+ years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Team player, innovative thinker, Good at strategy and execution
