Tarun Chhag Regional Sales Manager - West - 3M India Limited  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tarun-Chhag/ffc522a7dbf23e19  To work with professional organization and striving for perfection in Corporate function (Industrial Technical Sales) and Safety Professional so as to achieve organizational as well as self-growth and goals.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Regional Sales Manager - West  3M India Limited -  March 2013 to Present  is a diversified technology company serving customers and communities with innovative products and services.  Responsibilities: - 1 Handling the Total business of 61 Cr for Personal Safety Products for Western Region. 2 Lead team of 12 Area Sales Manager for achieving the sales target & technical support and day to day activities. 3 Negotiation and finalization for new project requirement & business development in Personal Safety Products for Western Region. 4 Define, Implement & alignment of strategies for key distributors to cater the PSD growth. 5 Achieve New Product introduction in eyewear and hard hat by implementation of strategies on distributer level. 6 Using Sales Force s for the daily Sales reporting, Responsible for the Collection & AR Turns. Work as a single point of contact for Western Region. 7 Organizing the Safety Awareness Programme to external Stake holders and showcasing the best practices.  Achievements: 1 Successful Mentored and coach the team for taking them as next level to take the higher responsibilities. 2 Promoted in Nov 2014 for achieving the overall growth in defined territory and subsequent Prompted in Year 2016 for demonstrating the leadership behavior and acting wisely for maintaining the growth momentum.  Direct Industrial Sales & Channel Sales  3M India Limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  Manager -Corporate Purchase  FAG Bearings India Limited -  Vadodara, Gujarat -  November 2011 to February 2013  https://www.indeed.com/r/Tarun-Chhag/ffc522a7dbf23e19?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   FAG Bearings India Ltd., Baroda, a leading bearing manufacturer for Automotive & Industrial applications in India, and Group Company of Schaeffer GmbH having turnover more than 10 Bin. Euro.  Responsibilities: 1 Establishment of Corporate Purchase and synchronization between Thee Legal Entities and Plant Purchase 2 Lead team of 3 buyers for plant purchasing day to day activities. 3 Negotiation and finalization New Plant projects for the assigned commodities. 4 Define, Implement & alignment of strategies for major commodities to cater local future growth and aligned with global strategy. 5 Achieve saving targets by implementation of strategies on group level. 6 Work as a single point of contact for assigned commodities for all 3 LEs.  Achievements: 1 Successful implementation of Major localization projects. 2 Strategies for major commodities made and alignment at regional level done. 3 Negotiation and approval protocols are established within group.  Account Manager- Direct Sales  Castrol India Limited -  Ahmedabad, Gujarat -  September 2008 to November 2011  M/s: Castrol India Limited is a part of BP Group & would leader in manufacturing of Lubricants. It is one of the oldest lubricant companies and strongest brand name by itself.  Responsibilities: - 1 Handling the Key Account Management Portfolio for the Metal, Auto, Machineries manufacturers. 2 Supporting them with the technical information & working with the concept of value selling & Value Max. 3 Handling team of 2nos of FMR (Field Marketing Representatives) for Key Account Customers. 4 Organizing technical seminar, new product launch and arranging the events for ICC Cricket World Cup Match ticket distribution for the region. 5 Increasing Share of wallet for the existing customer base & Handling Direct Customers like Automotive OEM, Tata Motors Limited - Sanand, Essar steel, Elecon group of companies, SKF Bearings Limited, FAG Bearings Limited, ABC Bearings Ltd, Jindal Saw Ltd, and Welpun Gujarat Stahl Rohren Limited & Raajratna Group.  Achievements:- 1 ACT DECISIVELY. - Award for 2010-11 for snatching business from competition & increasing Gross Margin - FIVE FOLD with the Key Account. 2 Gained the High Performance Lubricant business in the assigned territory. 3 ARC - Annual Rate contract with the major Key Accounts. 4 Increase the number of applications in the Key Accounts.  Manager- Sales - From  Carborundum Universal Limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -    March 2005 to September 2008  Carborundum Universal Limited is a flagship company of MURUGAPPA group. And No.1 Indian Abrasive company. 1. Joined as \"Executive - Sales\". Promoted as \"Manager- Sales \"was leading a team of three Executives. 2. Prime responsibility -Ensure the branch office day to day operation & new appointment of distributers.  Responsibilities: 1 Supporting Distributors to achieve their monthly targets. 2 Organizing Customer meet, seminars and trials. 3 Keeping track of customer payments and their sales tax forms. 4 Handling the team of 3 sales executives for the assigned territory  Achievements:- 1 Received Best Killing Competition Award in Year 2007 2 Appointed 3 new Distributers in the assigned territories. 3 Received the overall sales Growth award in the Year 2008 4 Established the SAM URAI brand in the Mumbai Region.  Ador Welding Limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  February 2003 to March 2005  Mumbai Zonal In charge - (Feb 2003 to March 2005) Ador Welding Limited is a Welding Powerhouse in the Indian Welding industry. The ADOR is the most preferable brand in the fabrication industry. Responsibilities: 1 Meeting end user for the technical support for the welding consumables & welding equipment's (SMAW/MIG/TIG/SAW/Inverter) 2 Handling distributor for the target completion & MIS & TOD. 3 Arranging the road show & the customer meet at the major industrial areas. 4 Increasing the presence of ADOR products at all Hardware shops in the Navi Mumbai region. Achievements: 1 Developed Navi Mumbai Channels for E- Rang Products. 2 Established the SAW Wire & flux in the Pipe manufacturers. 3 Introduce the Inverter base Welding rectifiers.  Marketing Engineer  Phoenix Industries Pvt Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  April 2002 to January 2003  Phoenix Industries Pvt Ltd is the manufacturer of Die Casting alloys. Having Presence in all the die casters in India. Responsibilities: 1 Selling Die Casting alloys to major Die Casters based in Gujarat & Maharashtra. 2 Handling the technical development Programme at the factory & developed the new rotating device for the rotary furnace & saves the manpower.    3 One Single point contact for the technical development of the product. Achievements: 1 Saved one-man power for the Rotary Furnace Operation.  SWIL Limited -  Nashik, Maharashtra -  June 2001 to April 2002  SWIL Ltd is a manufacturer of Copper cathode & having the technology of KALDO Furnace from the Sweden. Recruited through Campus Interview.  Responsibilities: 1 Working in shifts for the production schedule. 2 Preparing the MIS report for the Management reporting. 3 Selected for the Continuous Casting unit at Nashik for the training Programme & deputed at the Nashik.  Achievements: 1 Selected for the training Programme at Wire Unit at Nashik.  EDUCATION  Welingker Institute -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2004  B.E. in Metallurgy  Maharaja Sayaji Rao University -  Vadodara, Gujarat  2001
