Aboli Patil Jalgaon, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Aboli-Patil/643b8f3de04165ac  Looking to obtain a position in a leading organization where I am able to apply the knowledge gained through my bachelor's degree. I firmly believe in the principle of implementing my duties with dedication and determination. I am looking for good career growth opportunities where my talent and knowledge could be best subjected and utilized for the benefit of the organization and myself.  WORK EXPERIENCE  freshers  Mumbai, Maharashtra  Post Graduation / University / Board College / School Year of GPA/ % Graduation Passing MTech University of K.J.Somaiya.COE. autonomous, 2017 CGPI - 6.86 Mumbai Vidyavihar, Mumbai.  B.E. (ENTC) University of I.B.S.S. College Of Engineering, Amravati 2013 75.07%% Amravati H.S.C. Maharashtra State Nutan Maratha Junior Science College, Jalgaon 2008-09 63.50% Board S.S.C. Maharashtra State BahinaBai High School, Jalgaon 2006-07 75.07% Board  GRADUATION PROJECT  Project Title ͞Wireless Data Encryption And Decryption Using Rf Module͟  Brief Description of the Project We design and implement encoder and decoder by using RF module. The source information is generated by a keypad and this will be encrypted and is sent to the destination through RF communication. The receiving system will check the data and decrypt according to the specific algorithm and display on the LCD. The RF module used here are Bluetooth of 9.6 kbps which has inbuilt RF encoder and RF decoder and AT89C52 micro control unit (MCU). This encoder converts the 8bit data into a single bit and send it to the transmitter which will be transmitting. POST GRADUATION PROJECT  Project Title ͞Analytical RDH Approach For Image and Video Processing Using Reserving Room Before Encryption͟  Brief Description of the Project Reversible data hiding (RDH) approach in image and video processing is a  https://www.indeed.com/r/Aboli-Patil/643b8f3de04165ac?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   technique, where the information of a original cover is recovered using lossless approach, The data extraction is done once the extraction of embedded message is successfully recovered. The applications of reversible data hiding are in medical imagery, military imagery and law forensics, where no distortion of the original content is allowed. In the reversible data hiding method, First empty room is made by embedding LSBs of some pixels into other pixels with RDH method and then encrypt the image, so the positions of these LSBs in the encrypted image can be used to embed data .In the first phase, a content owner encrypts the original uncompressed image using an encryption key. Then, a data-hider compress the least significant bits of the encrypted image using a data-hiding key to create a sparse space to accommodate some additional data. If the receiver has both key data-hiding key and the encryption key, it can extract the secret data and recover the original image.
