Vishal Ankam Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vishal-Ankam/7f029a2c372790b1  To Give My Best In My Professional Pursuit For Overall Benefit And Growth Of The Company That I Serve By Facing the Challenges. I will show My Caliber And Gain Some Experience to be an efficient part of a reputed organization which provide challenging environment to grow in meaningful manner and to take on increasing responsibilities.  WORK EXPERIENCE  freshers  Freshers -  Pune, Maharashtra  Sr. PROJECT PROJECT DISCRIPTION YEAR No. NAME 1 Smart In this project we use smart pole for lightning, temperature and streetlight humidity monitoring, charging facility. Street lighting systems in Final Year system with areas with a low frequency of passersby are online most of the night energy saving without purpose function 2 Automatic When any vehicle comes in the periphery of improvised vehicle then vehicle accident the sensors senses its position with respect to the distance and prevention activate the circuit and inverter circuit for awakening of the driver. Third Year Furthermore the automatic braking makes the vehicle to stop before collision.  3 GSM Based The project measures the electrical parameters like current, Substation frequency, voltage and it display it on the screen at the substation. Diploma Third Monitoring & If the parameters exceeds the safe values then it send the alert year Control System message to the engineer using GSM and it also rings the buzzer in the substation  EDUCATION  BE  Sinhgad Academy  2018  Diploma  Gramin Polytechnic  2016  https://www.indeed.com/r/Vishal-Ankam/7f029a2c372790b1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   S.S.C. in Rajarshi shahu  Maharashtra State -  Nanded, Maharashtra  SKILLS  ECLIPSE (Less than 1 year), EMBEDDED C (Less than 1 year), JAVA (Less than 1 year), LINUX (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS: • PCB designing software: Kicad ExpressPCB • Software Packages used: Xilinx, MATLAB, Proteus, Keil µVision, MPLABX Codeblocks, Eclipse. • Operating systems used: Linux, windows. • Programming Language: Basic C programing, Embedded C, basic java  STRENGTHS: • Good communication skills. • Good team player with good interaction skill to coordinate and work within the team. • Good delivery of output in less time without losing efficiency. • Quick Learner • Hard working, friendly, helpful, self-motivated.
