Gautam Palit Sr.Manager (Media Marketing) - Prabhat Khabar  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Gautam-Palit/c56c86f143458ccb  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sr.Manager (Media Marketing)  Prabhat Khabar -  Bhagalpur, Bihar -  February 2012 to Present  uary 2012.  ♣ Manpower handling & motivating the team to achieve the target. ♣ Responsible for achieving Sales Target. ♣ Meeting new Corporate clients for generating new business ♣ Meeting with existing clients to increase the present business volume and ensuring proper service levels. ♣ Responsible for Advertisement Revenues and Realization. ♣ Identified different streams of revenue generation, appointment of Channel Partners ♣ Responsible for clients' relationship management also. ♣ Coordinating & Arranging special supplements during festive season, political elections, events etc ♣ Corporate tie ups for yearly subscription and branding exercises.  Regional Manager (MM)  Hindustan Media Ventures Limited -  Bhagalpur, Bihar -  April 1986 to January 2012  Same as above, handling 17 districts  Sales Representative  Swastik Industrial Products -  Patna, Bihar -  March 1980 to March 1986  from March 1980 to March 1986.  ♣ Responsible for achieving Sales & Revenue target. ♣ Launching of New Products in existing markets and exploring new markets. ♣ Implementing Company's Policies & Guidelines in the market. ♣ Meeting with dealers and shopkeepers and generating sales from them. ♣ Monitoring Distributors & Appointment of New Distributor. ♣ Corporate Sales.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Gautam-Palit/c56c86f143458ccb?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ♣ Launch of New Products in the Market.  EDUCATION  B.Com  Patna University -  Bhagalpur, Bihar  SKILLS  SALES (10+ years), MARKETING (6 years), EXCEED (Less than 1 year), FIELD SALES (Less than 1 year), MARKET SHARE (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Areas of Expertise  Sales & Marketing:  • Identifying and developing new channels for long term sales/revenue growth and maintaining relationships with key retails to exceed business and achieve targets. • Conducting competitor analysis by keeping abreast of market trends to achieve market share. • Implementing sales/marketing strategies to build channel preference and drive volumes. • Providing direction to executives to execute business promotions/launches, in coordination with business associates & promotion partners.  Channel Development & Management: • Networking with financially strong and reliable dealers and distributors to provide and ensure profitability at all levels. • Evaluating performance & monitoring channel activities for deeper market penetration and assist the channel partners to meet their business targets and achieve profitability. • Ensuring satisfaction at the client's level for maximum retention.  Team Management: • Providing direction, motivation and training to the field sales team for ensuring optimum performance. Appointing distributors to consolidate the company's reach for achieving sales growth. • Mentoring & impart training to personnel to deliver quality services in market.  Personal Snippets:
