Vinod Yadav Assistant Manager Technical Support - Nex-sales Solution Pvt Ltd  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vinod-Yadav/5860b95d11175986  ✓ BBA in Computer Application Technically accomplished professional with 5+ years rich experience in IT Operations, Customer Support, Project Management, Technical Support, Pre- Sales, and Software Support with leading organizations in IT & Telecom sectors. ✓ Currently designated as Assistant Manager-Technical Support Mumbai with telecom based B2B solution for USA and UK Client ✓ The wealth of expertise covers Telecom concepts & Products, Video & Audio Conferencing Concepts, & Technologies, Desktop Support Troubleshooting with Techno- Commercials Skills ✓ Holds the distinction of successfully managing over 100 Enterprise customer account from new Link delivery to Service Assurance Projects and Maintenance ✓ Expertise in swiftly ramping up projects with competent cross-functional skills and on time execution. ✓ Sound understanding of Voice/Media Processing Boards/Hardware of Dialogic, PIKA, Ai-logix and Synway. ✓ Deft in Solution conceptualizing & designing, problem identification, techno sales, technical support of call centre suites, IVRS, voice mail, ACD, voice logging solution, dailers, IP Telephony and troubleshooting. ✓ Enterprising leader with excellent analytical, organisational and interpersonal skills.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Assistant Manager Technical Support  Nex-sales Solution Pvt Ltd -  May 2012 to Present  Nex-sales expertise in account profiling and identifying accurate contacts to support our demand generation programs consistently impresses us. Their level of detail and quality of delivery stands out in the marketplace.  ✓ Multifaceted experience of project management, network infrastructure & security management. Evaluation of new technologies and implementation of same within timeline.Vendor Management- Working with partners like Tata Communication, Sify, for network support and Projects implementation ✓ Multifaceted experience of project management, network infrastructure & security management ✓ Responsible for assisting in the integration of the solution into an existing infrastructure, which would drive systems integration and implementation approaches, including the identification and integration of Third Party products and services into a cohesive solution design ✓ The position is focused on designing, Implementing, and Supporting messaging and collaboration solutions consist with Fast switch and Unified Messaging. Focus on voice integration,  https://www.indeed.com/r/Vinod-Yadav/5860b95d11175986?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   conferencing and remote worker capabilities. Position requires that a successful architect be comfortable. ✓ Accountable for a high degree of solution architecture and design responsibilities with technical skills in one or more of the following areas of expertise ✓ Understand customer environment and define business requirements with practice manager Develop architectural/functional design document based on existing or new requirements Connect solutions and technical information to customer's requirements and environments Design and implement prototype, or proof of concept, to test solutions. ✓ Deliver engagements as an individual contributor, technical subject matter expert or as a team member on projects.Provide advice (knowledge transfer) to the customer and partners Prepare documentation as required Familiarity with project management Methodologies ✓ Communication Server and knowledge of gateways and PBX systems ✓ Microsoft Exchange, Email archiving architecture, DNS, Active Directory Global Cataloging, SMTP Routing Experience in 3rd party Anti-Spam & Messaging  Senior Presales & Technical Support Mumbai  Vox Spectrum Pvt Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  June 2011 to May 2012  Vox Spectrum is an international telecom group of companies with offices in the US, UAE, Saudi Arabia and India. We design, engineer, construct, install and maintain a broad range of voice, data, video and wireless infrastructure for clients worldwide.  ✓ Implementation of DGvox enterprise solutions range from single, large and complex too small to medium development projects across India. ✓ Interpret Client requirements and translate these into resolutions to reported issues. ✓ Managed projects for installations, training, upgrades for contact center and public firms in India. ✓ Installed and configured VOIP hardware using H.323 and proprietary protocol, used extensively for communication ✓ Provided BackOffice support to onsite engineers in India. as and when required ✓ Also part of Presales team and handling high touch customer accounts demonstration and developing and presenting architecture as per the customer requirement of the VOIP Telephony ✓ Co-ordinated and participated in problem resolutions for existing systems and ongoing development work ✓ Ensured standards and procedures were adhered to and followed for documentation, archiving, and recovery ✓ Part of organizations technical consultants to design and implement complex network and voice solutions  Senior Technical Support Engineer For IVR Operation  Cellcast Interactive India Pvt Ltd -  April 2010 to May 2011    Cellcast Interactive India is the pioneer in developing integrated participation content in the fast-growing Indian mobile and interactive TV market. We use traditional media like television, newspapers and radio for customer acquisition and new media to enable consumers to pay-and- participate.  ✓ Responsible for all Technical aspects and operations of the IVR Application server ✓ Implementation & system Integration with operator Subscription platform ✓ Defining the processes & call flows for all the applications ✓ MIS report generation & analyzing ✓ Development of new features and enhancements  Senior Technical Support Engineer for IDEA Cellular SIVR Project  NetXcell Limited -  December 2009 to April 2010  Netxcell is a part of the Prathima Group of industries.Netxcell is 11 years old company in VAS. Netxcell first introduced the cricket on Mobile in India and this service is one of the most popular Value Added Services accessed by the users.  ✓ Installation, troubleshooting, Integration and testing of SIVR Application Software & Mobile Value Added Services for Idea Cellular Maharashtra circle ✓ Developing call center IVR treatment ranging from Complaint handling/VAS deactivation /My help IVR for all categories of customers. Analyzing IVR utilization and cost according to services offered and calls received. ✓ Responsible for the Reduction of calls at call center by providing information by pull and push messages functionality and IVR utilization by customer. ✓ Revenue by providing Different VAS (Dialer tone/ SMS alert services/ voice services) and different recharges on IVR with the direct integration with IN and prepaid billing system and VAS serve so that customer can get the benefit online of the selected services. ✓ Ensuring uniformity for communication and updates at the call center/ customer care IVR/ Bulk Messages /web site / Pull message application and Auto dialers as per the new product received from marketing and VAS team ✓ Maintaining corporate MIS/ Call center MIS and all review Presentation.  Technical Support Engineer  Voice Gate India Pvt Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  September 2008 to November 2009  Calcutta and Hyderabad.  ✓ Managed the gamut of tasks including Planning, Project Management, Pre-Sales Efforts, and Installation & Networking with a team of 7 members in North Region. ✓ Facilitated installation of Call Center Software, IVRS, PRI and Analog Voice Loggers. ✓ Extended technical and after sales support, planning and implementation.    ✓ Independently implemented 12, 16, and 48 Seat International Call Centre in Pune. The Project involved was Dialer Software Configurations, Structured Cabling, LAN, Telephone line networking, VOIP line Configurations, ✓ Successfully handled a team of 9 Engineer's for the Voice Logging and IVRS Solution of Stockholding Corporation of India offices at 150 Locations in India as well as for various Locations of Alankit Assignments, UTI Securities, Bajaj Capital, Bonanza Portfolio, Religare, WWS SKY Shop etc. ✓ Implemented & Handled the logistics support of engineer for implementation of Logger for stock holding for 150 location in tight deadline of 20 days all over India  Technical Support & Presales Mumbai  CUBE SOFTWARE PVT LTD -  New Delhi, Delhi -  August 2005 to August 2008  Calcutta.  ✓ Managing the gamut of tasks including Project Management, Pre-Sales Efforts and Network Maintenance, with a team of 8 members. ✓ Actively involved in designing technical elements of all solutions and providing technical deliverables on all proposals including initial commercial estimate sheets. ✓ Essayed the chief role in Software Installation; Troubleshooting; Network Designing as per Software requirement. ✓ Understanding prospect's requirement, proposing the best possible solution in the available resources. ✓ Involved in organizing POC and Demo, coordination with Software Development, Customer and Sales Staff. ✓ Handled Technical activities including installation of IVRS, Call Canter Solution, Voicemail, Both PRI and Analog telephone line Voice logging solution. ✓ Managed Sales activities including regular follow-ups and Account Management, Pre & Post implementation testing of the solution in coordination with development team. ✓ Extended Training to Technical and sales team and customer staff. ✓ Independently implemented 16 Seater Inbound Call Center & Software at various locations of Oriflame Cosmetics in India. ✓ Independently handled demo and implementation of the Centralised IVRS Solution at the H.O of Bajaj Allianz for all Over India Customer Care Service Centre. ✓ Installing IVRS, Voice Loggers, Call Bill accounting software's, GSM messaging solutions ✓ Installation Analog lines Voice Logging Solutions. ✓ Managing 1st level escalation ✓ Independently giving Demo of products to the customer. ✓ Pre Sales support for understanding the customer requirement. ✓ Coordinating with customer, marketing and development team in customizing solutions as per the requirement of customer. ✓ Testing of software in coordination with development team. ✓ Provide training to dealer's marketing and technical people about new products and its features. ✓ Independently Implemented IVRS and GSM Messaging Solutions in the Baroda, Ambala and Hajipur Division of Indian Railways including the PC configuration networking Telephone Line network and Training to the staff of the division    EDUCATION  Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Administration  Madurai Kamaraj University -  Madurai, Tamil Nadu  Deen Dayal Upadhyaya University -  Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh  P.G  National P.G College Barhalganj -  Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh  SKILLS  SALES (10+ years), SOLUTIONS (10+ years), BUSINESS REQUIREMENTS (6 years), DNS (6 years), NETWORKING (4 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Areas of Expertise  Technical; Operating System: DOS, Win […] Prof/2000 Server/XP/2003 Server. System Administration: LAN Management, Setting up of domains, proxies etc Database Management: Dbase, Visual FoxPro, MS Access, MySQL, MS SQL Programming Language: Visual Basic, C Hardware: Intel's Dialogic, Ai-logix, PIKA and Synway telephony cards. Video & Audio Equipments: Polycom, Tandberg, Athera, Life-size Telecom Networks: MPLS, VPN, DIA, E1 DID, BRI, Metro Ethernet, TDM,  Functional;  Project & Delivery Execution * Project planning, scoping, activity sequencing/ estimation, tracking and development of contingency plans to meet cost and time over-runs. * Mapping client/business requirements and provide customized networking solutions, finalize product specifications and select appropriate techniques. * Interacting with team members and participate in periodic project progress review meetings to ensure that specified time and cost parameters are being met. * Coordinate with different stakeholder for delivery of network element & link as required and agreed by customer in accordance with timeline agreed. Service Assurance • Provide Fault/Incident Management Ticketing within committed SLA • Interact with customer and understand the issue and coordinate with NNOC, Transport and Field engineer team for resolution of the customer problem. * Interacting with customer regularly for understanding their pain areas and propose solution and ensuring high customer satisfaction levels through prompt re-dressal of their problems. Pre-Sales / Consultancy Services * Effectuating pre-planned sales strategies for accomplishment of performance milestones.    * Conducting Pre-Sales Demos & Propose and develop customized product solutions as per process need. * Understanding and coordinating client's needs / enhancements, customization of product accordingly and consult with technical team to provide solutions as per the delivery schedules.  Network Management * Installing and maintaining network elements and data communication hardware and software environment. * Planning, designing, installing, and configuring & Managing Reliance World & RMS LAN, VLAN & WAN as per organizational requirements, governed by communication protocols. * Setting up and configuration of VPN, Leased Line and ISDN and Video conferencing network and services. * Coordinating for major hardware and software upgrades / changeovers/RMA etc. Systems Administration * Installing, configuring and maintaining Operating Systems, Servers, Application Software, Anti- Viruses & Hardware Of RW's and RMS. * Facilitating installation of Operating System, application software, hardware maintenance and configuration of servers such as DHCP, WINS and DNS. Technical / Customer Support * Troubleshoot problems & meeting deadlines and TAT without compromising quality norms and adhering to SLA. * Troubleshoot problems pertaining to Performance Tuning, Desktop Support, Audio & Video conferencing, Network Administration, Application Conflicts and System Bugs. * Delivery Management & Post Implementation support. * Install and configure network printer and other hardware devices like PCs and Print servers. * Assign user nodes to various devices installed and networked, handle allocation and protection of user rights, as per company's policies.  STRENGTHS  Good communication skills, proactive attitude with an aptitude for continuous learning.  Place: Mumbai Vinod M Yadav  Date:
