Vipan Kumar Sales Manager  New Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vipan-Kumar/dca2192215134f91  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales & Application Manager  Sonoscape Medical Corporation -  New Delhi, Delhi -  November 2017 to Present  • Sales & Application manager for GI, Pulmonary Flexible Endoscopy portfolio to North India Market – Delhi NCR, Haryana, Punjab, HP, J&K, UP, UK, Rajasthan • Company & Product Launch to a well-established segment, Started with 3 Distributor appointment for sales & business development, coverage, 50 Funnel generation for Budget Achievement • 4 class room training session for Distributor’s team for day to day effectiveness in product presentation to establish product to end users, product evaluation from 8 key customers & 120+ hands-on user experience across region • Funnel generation of 12 leads from 48 prospects, Connecting dots by recognizing & establishing users’ needs and providing win-win solution as per objective budget achievement  • 3 Activities in region for hands on experience & to create awareness among users for establishing organization in market place, participation in FIAGES, Hands on workshop at GB Pant Hospital, Delhi & SR Kalla Hospital, Jaipur • Market & competition Information for business development, continue to develop and follow up business pipeline in region by tracking corporate, Govt and Private customer by close follow up, participated in 5 Govt tenders by specification amendments • B2B & B2C management for coverage & follow up on each & every prospect, assisting team of 8 across region in day to day activities.  Area Sales Manager  Pentax Medical India Pvt. Limited -  Delhi, Delhi -  January 2015 to November 2017  • B2B & B2C management for coverage & follow up on each & every prospect, assisting team of 8 across region in day to day activities. Pentax Medical India Pvt. Limited Area Sales Manager// Jan 2015 - November 2017 Delhi, Punjab, Rajasthan, Haryana, Western UP  • Budget Achievement, market development for Flexible endoscopy product range for GI & Pulmonary in Delhi-NCR HR, Rajasthan & UK. • 112% budget achievement with 3 private and 4 Govt installation in FY2015-16.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Vipan-Kumar/dca2192215134f91?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • B2B & B2C business model, tracking channel partner for sales, training & business development. • Market Mapping with Channel Partners, appointment of new channel partners for revenue, market penetration and visibility of product. • Maintain knowledge of competitors and their presence in assigned territory. • Working closely with sales manager to develop assigned territory in-line with company's objective. • Provide timely and accurate daily reporting of sales activity in company's CRM database. • Follow-up with leads and prospects, maintain business funnel. • Channel Partner Review on fixed time interval on all aspects. • Product Demonstration, Presentation, Planning and Execution in whole sale process. • Quarterly training to team - Field training as well theoretical training for effective use of Information to end users and decisions makers. • Executed 10 Training programs in region for channel partners. • Conducting Technician Training programs for system maintaining • KOL development - New KOL for product endorsement, Existing customers' management for valued feedback and referral. • EUS India Workshop - Managed and arranged execution of workshop at JayPee Hospital, Greater Noida • Active Participation in 8 Workshops (EPL, ASICON, ISGCON, ENDOCON, and EUS - India) in region for business development • Continue to develop and maintain a full business pipeline of prospective clients and assume all territory management in an assigned geographic region  Product Executive  Novartis India Pvt. Limited -  Delhi, Delhi -  October 2013 to January 2015  New Delhi  Recruited to serve in an area with access to high-potential Gastroenterologist and Hematologist of Delhi NCR for product profile for Chronic Hepatitis B. Significant actions taken included -  • Regain lost customer from Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, Medicity Medanta Hospital with effective skill demonstration and engagement model of organization like CME, RTM, Screening Camp. • Achieved Budget from second month of Joining. • Got Order 9.6Lakh from ECHS in the month of Dec 2013. • Appointed two distributor for better penetration. • Enjoyed report with key Gastro like Dr. Anil Arora, Dr. Naresh Bansal, Dr. Mandhir Kumar, Dr. J Vij, Dr. V K Geol, Dr. Kausal Madan and Dr. GodhDass Chaudhary.  Transferred to Respiratory Franchisee due to binding up virology operation by Organization on Jan 3, 2014 due to internal development. Handed over key account like Apollo Hospital, Max Hospital ESIC project.    • Established Xolair in ESIC - Delhi with effective communication and engagement plan like done 17 Dr's meet in 10 months and 4 screening camps • YTD 136% for 2014 • Explored new business avenue in Faridabad, Rohtak in institutions as well as in corporates. • Dr. Ajay Lall, Dr. AmritGoel and Dr. Deepak Rosha joined company platform at Athen (Greece) during scientific session (Omalizumab Master Class) • Most of attendee belonged to my territory during international speaker session held in March 15, 2014 • Managed ESIC Project with passion still order of 100+ vial pending in key institute and I have achieved budget well in advance in Nov 2014 • Got first initiation from Dr. Ajay Lall as well as first order from Max Hospital in last 8 years on Xolair promotion in Delhi region • Engaged at ESIC Dispensary and CGHS Dispensary selective for refferal to key institute for business development • Effectively used Patient Care Executive for counseling and screening purpose to extract best out of provided resource • Coordinated and collaborated with key stake holder like Distributors, KDM for order and inventory management  Sr. Hepatitis Care Advisor  Bristol Myers Squibb -  Delhi, Delhi -  October 2010 to October 2013  New Delhi  Recruited to serve in an area with difficult access to high-potential customers of Delhi-NCR pharmaceutical territory. Repeatedly accessed no-see Nephrologist through resourceful approaches, persistence, and genuine rapport-building and establishing concept of Hepatitis B management on concept establishment merged to pool team.  • Developed territory for consistence business growth in during tenure • 102% YTD only one Qtr missed in three year tenure • Performed comprehensive analysis and identified new business strategy to drive business growth • Started Dharamshala with 2 boxes at the end of half year we were 40 Box per month sales • First order from Panipat ESIS, expected growth from Karnal • Leveraged expertise in product knowledge and overcame client objections, while focusing on high potential customers • Engagement of key Gastro of region in CME, RTM and scientific forum    • Dr. Monika Jain, Dr. Arvind Khurana, Dr. V K Geol, Dr. Ajay Kumar from RML, Dr. Rajeev Dogra from Kangra given significant share of business despite the availabity of cheaper generics available due to engagement model • CGHS Business grown significantly from 1.2 Lakh per month to 2.75 and at the time of my separation it was around 4.8lakh per month from RML Hospital only • Established and enlisted product in BSF and CRPF Formulary by Brand Name due to good report with KDM and key users  Product Specialist  Fresenius Kabi India Pvt. Ltd -  Delhi, Delhi -  June 2009 to October 2010  Recruited to handle already high base and well established region of Central Delhi (Sir Ganga Ram Hospital), Gurgaon, Agra, Haridwar and Dehradun. Almost 55% business stake and highest business growth proportion in a pool region of Delhi-NCR. Retain and develop territory for consistence business growth by effective. • Retention of KOL through comprehensive approach and available business inputs and perseverance to achieve growth percentage • Explored market penetration, driving huge market gains by calling on previously uncovered, indigent clinics, located in undesirable parts of the territory like Dehradun • Acknowledged as a proven performer in challenging sales environments, outperforming sales goals. With YTD 105% entire tenure  Sales Executive  Win Medicare Pvt Ltd -  Delhi, Delhi -  April 2006 to June 2009  Pharma Sales Executive in General as well as specialize range of product Portfolio like Gastro, Gyne, Surgeon and General Practitioners • Responsible for business development in Delhi and Ket institute like LHMC & RML Hospital, Daryaganj, Sardarbazar  Pharmacist  Apollo Hospital Enterprises Limited -  January 2005 to April 2006  • Handling Pharmacy retail chain IPD as well as OPD • Managing inventories    • Counselling patients Health Camps  EDUCATION  Masters in Business Administration  Annamalai University  2012  Post Graduate Diploma in Marketing  Madurai Kamaraj University -  Madurai, Tamil Nadu  2009  Bachelor in Business Administration  Annamalai University  2007  Diploma in Pharmacy marketing activities for the region  State Board of Technical Education -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh  2004  SKILLS  BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT (6 years), BUDGET (4 years), B2B (2 years), B2C (2 years), TRAINING (2 years)  LINKS  http://Linkedin.com/in/vipan-kumar-  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  14 years of sales & business development experience in Healthcare industry. Responsible for sales and marketing activities for the region. Result oriented approach with effective utilization of team & business management skills. B2B & B2C business development through promotional activities & customer engagement plans, aggressive follow up for higher conversion rate in term of revenue. Consultative & Clinical selling to understand customer needs coupled with the energy and drive results as an individual as well as team handling contributor with minimal supervision. Build and maintain client relationships based on trust, communication with product & market knowledge. Seeking role that will challenge me further to my experience & ability to learn and execute while allowing me to contribute consistence growth and success for organization.   CORE COMPETENCIES  http://Linkedin.com/in/vipan-kumar-   • B2B & B2C Business Management  • KOL Management • Product Presentation • Team Training • Consultative Selling • Negotiation Skill  • Market Mapping • Market Segmentation • Planning & Execution of Promotional activities  • Product Launch
