Tarak.H. Joshi Branch Manager at Del Corona and Scardigli ( Mumbai Branch )  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tarak-H-Joshi/9086781d6ddd7a79  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Manager - Marketing ( Sea Freight)  D B Group India Pvt Ltd -  February 2014 to Present  Reporting to National Manager  Work Forte: • Making Individual sales call ( Freight Forwarding) on regular basis • Generating FCL container and Air Freight for World Wide destination. • Handling ODC shipment for World Wide destination. • Analyzing Daily sales call plan submitted by Marketing Executive & performance thereafter • Visit Customers along with concern Marketing Executive on periodical basis • Liasoning& Coordinating with different department heads enable smooth functioning of processes implemented • Looking after day to day functions for smooth running of the department Preparation of various reports as and when required.  Sales Manager - Marketing  AGS WORLD TRANSPORT -  July 2013 to February 2014  Reporting to Managing Director  Work Forte: • Making Individual sales call ( Freight Forwarding) on regular basis • Generating LCL cargo for World Wide destination. • Handling ODC shipment for World Wide destination. • Analyzing Daily sales call plan submitted by Marketing Executive & performance thereafter • Visit Customers along with concern Marketing Executive on periodical basis • Liasoning& Coordinating with different department heads enable smooth functioning of processes implemented • Looking after day to day functions for smooth running of the department Preparation of various reports as and when required.  Sales Manager - Marketing (Console and Freight Forwarding)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Tarak-H-Joshi/9086781d6ddd7a79?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   D B Group India Pvt Ltd -  November 2012 to June 2013  Reporting to Branch Manager and Country Manager  Work Forte: • Making Individual sales call ( Freight Forwarding) on regular basis • Handling Import & Exports ( BOTH AIR AND SEA) • Handling ODC shipment for World Wide destination. • Analysing Daily sales call plan submitted by Marketing Executive & performance thereafter • Visit Customers along with concern Marketing Executive on periodical basis • Liasoning& Coordinating with different department heads enable smooth functioning of processes implemented • Looking after day to day functions for smooth running of the department Preparation of various MIS reports as and when required.  Director  Ariel Logistics Pvt Ltd -  June 2011 to October 2012  Work Forte: • Making Individual sales call ( Freight Forwarding) on regular basis • Handling Import & Exports ( BOTH AIR AND SEA) • Handling ODC shipment for World Wide destination. • Analyzing Daily sales call plan submitted by Marketing Executive & performance thereafter • Visit Customers along with concern Marketing Executive on periodical basis • Liasoning& Coordinating with different department heads enable smooth functioning of processes implemented • Looking after day to day functions for smooth running of the department • Preparation of various MIS reports as and when required. • Negotiating rates from different Liners.  General Manager - Marketing  Angel Global Logistics -  June 2006 to May 2010  Reporting to Directors  Work Forte: • Making Individual sales call on regular basis • Analysing Daily sales call plan submitted by Marketing Executive & performance thereafter • Visit Customers along with concern Marketing Executive on periodical basis • Liasoning& Coordinating with different department heads enable smooth functioning of processes implemented    • Liasoning& co-ordination with different ICD's & maintaining the records for icd's • Visiting ICD on periodical basis to ensure smooth functioning & cargo flow. • Liasoning with Principals on various matters • Handling premier customers • Looking after day to day functions for smooth running of the department • Preparation of various MIS reports as and when required. • Co-ordination with the Operation staff for cargo stuffing and loading and accordingly keep the client updated. • Overall responsibility of cargo co-loaded with other consolidators • Negotiating rates from different Liners and accordingly plan the lclconsol box stuffing with the Operations in charge considering the profit margin of the company in each container planned.  Sr.Executive - Marketing  Globelink WW India Pvt Ltd -  February 2000 to June 2006  Reporting To General Manager  Work Forte: • Making Individual sales call on regular basis • Analysing Daily sales call plan submitted by Marketing Executive & performance thereafter • Visit Customers along with concern Marketing Executive on periodical basis • Liasoning& Co-ordinating with different department heads enable smooth functioning of processes implemented • Liasoning& co-ordination with different ICD's & maintaining the records for icd's • Visiting Icds on periodical basis to ensure smooth functioning & cargo flow. • Liasoning with Principals on various matters • Handling premier customers • Looking after day to day functions for smooth running of the department  • Preparation of various MIS reports as and when required. • Co-ordination with the Operation staff for cargo stuffing and loading and accordingly keep the client updated. • Overall responsibility of cargo co-loaded with other consolidators • Negotiating rates from different Liners and accordingly plan the lclconsol box stuffing with the Operations in charge considering the profit margin of the company in each container planned  Executive - Shipping  GRT Ship Management Pvt. Ltd -  May 1999 to February 2000  Reporting to the Director  Work Forte: • Co-ordinate with the shipping lines for freight rates, Cut-off for vessels etc.    • Knowledge of custom clearing the goods & port operations.  • Co-ordination with the Operation staff for cargo stuffing and loading and accordingly keep the client updated.  • Arrange for the availability of container for stuffing. • Keep the shippers/consignee updated about the status of the shipment.  • Marketing for LCL as well as FCL cargo.  • Interacting with the Domestic and Overseas clients and follow up with the Sales Lead.  Sales Trainee - Shipping  IIC Container Lines Pvt Ltd -  July 1998 to May 1999  Reporting to the Director  Work Forte: • Making Individual sales call on regular basis • Analysing Daily sales call plan submitted by Marketing Executive & performance thereafter • Visit Customers along with concern Marketing Executive on periodical basis  EDUCATION  B.Com  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra
