Ashish Khanna Manager (Prepaid Sales) - Idea Cellular Limited  Moradabad, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashish- Khanna/74af82b31faa4bb8  • 8.9 years of experience in channel sales, presently associated with Idea Cellular Ltd as Manager (Prepaid Sales) • M.B.A. (Marketing & Finance) from HBTI, Kanpur. (Affiliated from Uttar Pradesh Technical University) • A disciplined & quick learner with the ability to work under pressure and overachieve targets. •Exceptionally well organized with a track record that demonstrates self-motivation, creativity and initiatives to achieve the set goals. • Possess strong inter personal skills, good reasoning and analytical skills. • Ability to support and sustain a positive work environment that fosters team performance with strong communication and relationship building skills.  Willing to relocate to: Ahmedabad, Gujarat - Jaipur, Rajasthan - NCR, Delhi  WORK EXPERIENCE  Manager (Prepaid Sales)  Idea Cellular Limited -  Mahesana, Gujarat, IN -  January 2016 to Present  Responsibilities: • Handling prepaid distribution with in annual turnover 36cr of Sabarkantha district, Aravalli district, Mahisagar district market with a team of 1 Territory Sales Manager & 7 Territory Sales Executives. • Educate, lead & motivate team to ensure high manpower productivity.  • Handling 80 distributors, 90 FOS & retail with base of 3000 retailers.  • Achieve targets of Revenue (V-Top & RCV), Subscriber additions, Dongles & Handsets.  • Subscriber net additions & distribution expansion. • Achieve the targets of distribution KPIs (UAO, URO, FAO) • Ensuring product availability & proper inventory management. • Ensure product visibility in territory-coordinating with marketing department. • Ensures timely claim settlement of channel & trade. • Ensures proper merchandising and signage for brand visibility. • Training to team to ensure effective scheme communication & high service level. • Meeting with the retailers, building relations & motivate them to promote the sale of our product. • Study market trends, competitor s activities and counter the competitions by our products and benefits. • To plan & execute promotional schemes for market development.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Khanna/74af82b31faa4bb8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Khanna/74af82b31faa4bb8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Assistant Manager  Idea Cellular Limited -  Surat, Gujarat -  June 2012 to January 2016  Responsibilities: • Appointment & handling of distributors, FOS & retail with base of 750 retailers. • Increase in subscriber base & expands distribution network. • Achieves the set targets of distribution KPIs and revenue. • Ensuring product availability & proper inventory management. • Ensure product visibility in territory-coordinating with marketing department. • Ensures timely claim settlement of channel & trade. • Ensures proper merchandising and signage for brand visibility. • Training to team to ensure effective scheme communication & high service level. • Meeting with the retailers, building relations & motivate them to promote the sale of our product. • Study market trends, competitor s activities and counter the competitions by our products and benefits. • To plan & execute promotional schemes for market development.  performance on all KPI's in Idea Cellular Ltd -  2014 to 2015  Secured 3rd rank in UP-East & qualified for the prestigious Bangkok trip in Tata Teleservices Ltd (2010-11)  Assistant Manager  Tata Teleservices Ltd -  Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh -  November 2009 to June 2012  Responsibilities: • Channel management with a team of distributors & DSEs. • Responsible for handling company s HANDSET, DATA CARD & other prepaid products. • Responsible for handling 660 Retailers of Gorakhpur City with annual revenue of 1.5cr. • Business development in territory with total responsibility for channel building & development, market execution & process adherence. • Plan sales initiative to keep the channel engaged. • Ensure regular and high quality service to the market to achieve desired growth. • Reduction of Low Utilized sites by building up Retail network / customer base.  Key Achievements (Professional Career) • Ranked No.3 in Dec 16 & No.4 in Jan 17, March 17 & April 17 in overall ASM KPI circle dashboard. • Member of prestigious Aditya Birla Group talent pool. • Ranked no.2 for July 16 in overall KPI circle dashboard. • Ranked no.1 in Videocon MNP contest in Gujarat (2015-16) • Ranked amongst top 5 TSM s in Gujarat Circle for consecutive 12 months in Idea Cellular Ltd (2014-15)    • Successfully completed TQM project for customer market share improvement in Idea Cellular Ltd (2014-15) • Awarded by 'Star of the Zone' for six consecutive months for extraordinary  EDUCATION  Marketing  ICFAI  2008  strategy formation for start-up launch held  ICFAI -  Khanna, Punjab  2008  B.C.A  T.M.I.M.T College -  Moradabad, Uttar Pradesh  2006  C.B.S.E in Board  K.C.M School -  Moradabad, Uttar Pradesh  2003  C.B.S.E in Board  K.C.M School -  Moradabad, Uttar Pradesh  2001  SKILLS  Change Management, Team Management, Negotiation, Channel Sales, Telecom  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  CORE COMPETENCIES • Good business acumen. • Clear & focused communication. • Develop self & others. • Analytical & data interpretation skills. • Self-confidence. • Effective motivator. • Ability to get results. • Positive & constructive approach coupled with good listening skills. • Innovative problem solving approach.
