Irfan Dastagir Sales Manager - Global Oils & Fats (B2B Sales)  Riyadh - Saudi Arabia - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Irfan-Dastagir/283e0788379aead7  • A dynamic professional offering over 13 years of strong leadership experience in well-known organizations with domain expertis of 06 years in Industrial Sales ( Oils & Fats, Flour, Bakery Ingredients) & 07 years in FMCG Channel Sales and Distribution. • Expertise in Business Acumen, Pricing and Negotiation, Customer Management, Sales Forecasting and Budgetting, Team Handling, Market execution and Business Development, Finalizing Periodical Contracts. • An accomplished professional, has successfully managed business operations as well as achieved year on year growth in business and revenue targets across assignments; handled a team of 20 sales representatives.  • Innovative thinker with broad-based expertise in Strategic Planning for implementing streamlined solutions & Business Development with proven ability to quickly analyze key business drivers and developing strategies to grow business. • Exceptionally well organized with a track record that demonstrates self-motivation, creativity, and initiative to achieve both personal & corporate goals.  Willing to relocate to: Karnataka - Maharashtra - India  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Manager  Iffco Group (Global Oils & Fats) -  July 2014 to Present  July’14 – Till Date with IFFCO - Saudi Arabia as Sales Manager ( Global Oils & Fats – Industrail Sales)   Nov’12 – June’ 14 with IFFCO – Saudi Arabia as Sales Executive (Global Oils & Fats – Industrial Sales)  Role:  ·        Developed Oils & Fats, Flour, Bakery Ingredient in Industrial business segment in KSA and other GCC Countries.  ·        Ensuring Budget achievement Volume / GC targets within facility and increase product portfolio within customers.  ·        Price Offers, Negotiation, Finalizing Short and Long term Contracts, Oil Booking at Destination, Sytem Order enteries.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Irfan-Dastagir/283e0788379aead7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ·        Coordinating within Company/ Customer R&D Team for New Product Developments, Logistic and Customer Service Team for smooth supplies and meeting schedules.  ·        Preparing Sales Forecast, Annual Budgets, Monthly Sales Track records, Payment Recievable.  ·        Analyzing requirements of individual market areas, studying market trends and ensuring optimal level of customer satisfaction.  ·        Screening potential market across GCC. Create customer universe for Food and non Food customers.  ·        Focusing on NPD projects, Applications, Identifying customer’s product requirements, providing samples for analysis, follow ups with customer’s quality and R&D Department.  ·        Monthly, Quarterly Business Reviews, NPD reviews to meet deadlines for product closer.  Highlights:  ·        Holds the credit of increasing the customer universe for Food and Non Food customers. Further, increased Product Mix within the customers. ·        Increased sales by introducing new Packaging and increasing SKUs to individual customer. ·        Maintained payment receiveables till 4% overdues.  Sales Executive  PepsiCo India Holdings Pvt. Ltd. (Frito Lays Division), -  November 2012 to June 2014  Role: ·        Responsible for Primary & Secondary Sales Targets, Delivering numbers in the assigned territory ·        Led a team of 20 Sales Representatives & Merchandisers, undertook activities like Continuous Performance Evaluation to improve Sales Efficiency. ·        Administered activities like Executing Schemes, Tracking Stock & Sales, Budgeting, Planning for New Launches, achieving compliances of weekly billing, Key Account Management and Brand Wise Sales Progression. ·        Handling both the GTM of Ready Stock and Presale along with Modern Trade & Wholesale Distributor.  ·        Appointing new distributor under Consolidation of two areas into one area.    ·        Accountable for Coaching, Training & Developing the sales team for gaining Numerical and Weighted Distribution.  ·        Responsible for assigning daily, weekly & monthly targets to the team; implemented various management strategies to increase revenue & adopted various control measures to reduce cost  ·        Developed Monthly Performance Charts for distributor’s brand vise performance (Last year vs. Current Year), Sales Figures, billing efficiency & PSRs sales trackers ·        Executed New Launches, planned for various Promotional Activities, focused on SDOs of the company & increased Numerical and Weighted Distribution  Highlights: ·        Holds the credit of converting the Ready Stock Model into Pre-sale Model and generated potential business and coverage. ·        Distinctively used Zoning Strategy for timely dispatching to all the customer with 5 delivery van instead of 9 vans ·        Bagged appreciation for being the first SE for achieving the company agenda for converting the GTM from Ready stock to Presale   (India) as Sales Executive  PepsiCo India Holdings Pvt. Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  May 2010 to October 2012  Role: • Responsible for Primary & Secondary Sales Targets, Delivering numbers in the assigned territory • Led a team of 20 Sales Representatives & Merchandisers, undertook activities like Continuous Performance Evaluation to improve Sales Efficiency. • Administered activities like Executing Schemes, Tracking Stock & Sales, Budgeting, Planning for New Launches, achieving compliances of weekly billing, Key Account Management and Brand Wise Sales Progression. • Handling both the GTM of Ready Stock and Presale along with Modern Trade & Wholesale Distributor.  • Appointing new distributor under Consolidation of two areas into one area. • Accountable for Coaching, Training & Developing the sales team for gaining Numerical and Weighted Distribution.  • Responsible for assigning daily, weekly & monthly targets to the team; implemented various management strategies to increase revenue & adopted various control measures to reduce cost  • Developed Monthly Performance Charts for distributor's brand vise performance (Last year vs. Current Year), Sales Figures, billing efficiency & PSRs sales trackers    • Executed New Launches, planned for various Promotional Activities, focused on SDOs of the company & increased Numerical and Weighted Distribution  Highlights: • Holds the credit of converting the Ready Stock Model into Pre-sale Model and generated potential business and coverage. • Distinctively used Zoning Strategy for timely dispatching to all the customer with 5 delivery van instead of 9 vans • Bagged appreciation for being the first SE for achieving the company agenda for converting the GTM from Ready stock to Presale  (India) as Sales & Merchandising Officer  Wrigley India Pvt. Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  June 2008 to December 2009  Role: • Responsible for primary and secondary sales targets.  • Identified, developed and managed more channels of business in the assigned area of Pune & Small Towns like, College/ Hospital Canteens, Recreation centers, Cenima Halls, Town Halls etc. • Handled Pune Wholesale; Modern Trade. Assisted in putting systems in terms of Daily Sales Monitering, Wholesale Targeting, Weekly Phasing of Primary and Claim Submission  • Maintaining distributor ROI.  • Handled a team of 10 Sales Representatives and provided on-job training to Sales & Merchandising Team along with their brand wise target and achievement follow ups.  • Accountable in seeking new ideas and approaches to sales problems to consolidate market & mind share  • Reported all sales related activities, market trends & competitor activities in the territory  Highlights: • Instrumental in developing new paths to increase the sales in Railway/ Bus Stations, Dental Hospitals, etc, to promote the Orbit Brand. • Accreditations received for being the number One SMO in the West Region for developing Systems and Process as per Company Goals.  Goa (India) as Sales Officer  Cadbury India Ltd -  May 2005 to June 2008  Role: • Achieved Annual Sales Contracts ( AOP) along with product visibility, coverage and ensured availability of products to consumers through all trade catagories/ channels.    • Developed and managed strong relationship with Star Outlets to drive company sales plans successfully & ensured sales growth  • Studied nature of region for strengthening distribution network with respect to area bifurcation, beat formulation and outlet classification • Planned secondary sales, training of sales team for harnessing manpower in optimum way to generate growth and improve productivity.  • Handled distributor's claims, customer queries and maintained good relationship with all channel partners to achieve brand wise sales figures.  Highlights: • Acknowledged for giving business growth by mapping the Untapped Market within the areas by correcting the Beat plans, Area Bifurcation and Route Formulation • Acknowledged for successful launched on New Products and Sales Drive Run on monthly basis.  EDUCATION  MBA in Marketing  University of Pune -  Pune, Maharashtra  2005  BA in English  Shivaji University -  Kolhapur, Maharashtra  2002  SKILLS  Team Management, sales forecast, budgeting, Negotiation, Computer Operating, Sales And Business Development, Channel Sales, b2b sales  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  handled Oils & Fats, Flour & Bakery ingredients business, channel sales & distribution
