Vikas Soni Manager Sales - Bharti Telemedia Ltd  Hisar, Haryana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vikas-Soni/5b805241e534fd96  WORK EXPERIENCE  Manager Sales  Bharti Airtel Ltd -  Karnal, Haryana -  February 2014 to Present  Key Accountabilities: ☑ Developing dealer network and implementing promotional activities. ☑ Maintaining inventory, financial discipline and after sale services. ☑ Promoting sales growth and profits. ☑ Educating all channel and sales partners for all channel sales activities ☑ Coordinating with partners and provided response to all queries and maintained efficient relationship.  Notable Attainments: ☑ Successfully appointed a lot of new dealers and maintained the existing dealers. ☑ Micro Mapping of Territory. ☑ Increase the activation in from 200 to 1800. ☑ Increase the revenue in 40 lac to 1.5 crore. ☑ Nationally awarded for DTH Leadership  Manager  Dish TV India Ltd -  Karnal, Haryana -  September 2010 to February 2014  Sales  Key Accountabilities: ☑ Developing dealer network and implementing promotional activities. ☑ Maintaining inventory, financial discipline and after sale services.  Notable Attainments: ☑ Successful achieved budged target. ☑ Successfully appointed a lot of new dealers and maintained the existing dealers. ☑ Micro Mapping of Territory. ☑ Recruitment, training and evaluation of sales manpower. ☑ Got highest revenue generation award for F.Y. of 2012-2013 in north zone.  Designated as Team Manager Sales  Mahindra Holidays & Resorts (India) Ltd -  Jaipur, Rajasthan -  https://www.indeed.com/r/Vikas-Soni/5b805241e534fd96?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   July 2007 to September 2010  Key Accountabilities: ☑ Managing and leading a team of 15 Members for managing the business of all Rajasthan. ☑ Maturing the deals by various leads meeting with customer (specially for bulk deal) ☑ Maintaining financial discipline and after sale services. ☑ Ensuring strict adhesive with company policy and transparent reporting to senior for decision making.  Notable Attainments: ☑ Successfully achieved budgeted target & maintained the outstanding. ☑ Received promotion in one and half year. ☑ Successfully achieved 180% of the given sales target which was given by the company in 2007-2008 and had done 150% of my sales target in the year of 2009-2010.  Designated as Asst. Sales Manager  Jupiter International Ltd -  Punjab, IN -  August 2005 to June 2007  Key Accountabilities: ☑ Implementation of company policies, launching promotional schemes and quick realization of payments. ☑ Responsible for developing and handling the channel of distributors and dealers network and motivating them to collect the orders from major players. ☑ Developing dealer network and implementing promotional activities.  Notable Attainments: ☑ Successfully achieved budgeted target & maintained the outstanding of distributor & direct dealers. ☑ Core member of the team responsible for the sharp increasing the sales revenue within 6 months. ☑ Bagged breakthrough orders from Institutional and Channel Sales. ☑ Nominated as Best Branch in sales and revenue generation in the financial year of 2005-06. ☑ Achieved 160% of the given Sales Target. ☑ Corporate deals with Hartron and Chaudhary Charan Singh Agriculture University. ☑ Planned a scheme for the distributors and dealers for revenue generation and received maximum success in this campaign.  Designated as Area Sales Executive  Colgate Palmolive (India) Ltd -  Haryana, IN -  April 2002 to July 2005  Key Accountabilities: ☑ Developing dealer network and implementing promotional activities. ☑ Maintaining inventory, financial discipline.  Notable Attainments:    ☑ Achieved a budgeted target & maintained the outstanding of distributor & direct dealers. ☑ Successfully appointed new dealers and maintained the existing dealers. ☑ Generated the business from small towns, worked on development of rural market and get business. ☑ Efficiently achieved a growth of 40% from last year. ☑ Introduced special display schemes for retailers and whole-sellers like if the fix material of the company is displayed in the shop for a certain period than some incentive is won.  IT FORTE  ☑ Well versed with, Windows, MS Office and Internet Applications.  EDUCATION  MBA in Marketing & HR  Sikkim Manipal University  2007  BA  Kurukshetra University -  Kurukshetra, HARYANA, IN  2000  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  BUSINESS SKILLS  ~ Executive Leadership ~ Strategy & Execution ~ Business Management ~ Sales & Marketing ~ Distribution Management ~ Revenue Expansion ~ Product Promotions ~ Branding ~ Market Research & Analysis ~ Team Building & Leadership ~  ☑ Sales & Marketing: Handling the marketing and sales operations for achieving increased growth & profitability. Identifying new streams for revenue growth & developing plans to build consumer preference. Reviewing and interpreting competition after in-depth analysis of market information. Driving business growth through identification & penetration of new market segments for attainment of periodical targets. Implementing company policies, launching promotional schemes, quick realization of payments.  ☑ Business Development: Developing new clients and negotiating with them for securing profitable business. Forecasting sales targets and executing them in a given time frame thus enhancing clientele. Giving products demonstration as well as presentations to distributors/ clients for securing profitable business. Ensuring adherence to the global standards of distributor management solutions; modifying them to the local market needs.    ☑ Channel Management & Distribution: Planning & delivering distribution depth, coverage & sales. Developing and appointing new business partners to expand product reach in the market and working in close interaction with the dealers and distributors to assist them to promote the product. Monitoring the performance of dealers & distributors regarding sales and collections periodically.  ☑ Client Relationship Management: Managing customer centric operations and ensuring customer satisfaction by achieving delivery and service quality norms. Identifying improvement areas & implementing measures to maximise customer satisfaction levels. Building and maintaining healthy business relations with high net worth and corporate clients ensuring high customer satisfaction matrices by achieving delivery & service quality norms.  ☑ Team Supervision: Monitoring, recruiting, training & motivating the manpower & ensuring quality deliverables in the market. Providing direction to the sales team for ensuring optimum performance and enhancing their professional and soft skills.  ORGANISATIONAL SCAN
