Prosenjit Mitra Sales Manager - Aviva Life Insurance India PVT Limited  Kolkata, West Bengal - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Prosenjit-Mitra/c26c452ea7e1b821  To work where my education and experience contribute towards the growth of the industry as well as to attain my personal objective of acquiring a higher level of professional excellence in whatever I do through constant learning and can deal with market by implement my experience.  KEY SKILL: Prospecting: Confident: Documentation: Goals Oriented: Organised: Dedicated: Business development: Team Player: Handling Pressure: Need Creation: Motivate: Computer Literate  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Manager  Aviva Life Insurance India PVT Limited -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  August 2017 to Present  EXPOSURE • Seeking out aggressively for new business opportunities by consistently conducting cold call activities at the decision maker level and achieve insurance sales target. • Competed policy application and submitted required documentation for processing. • Knowledge of time management, organizational skills, convincing and negotiation skill • Comprehensive knowledge of Product and process • Collection of premium from hard lapse bucket • Handling a team size of 15 financial advisor  RESPONSIBILITIES • Developed and maintain active expiration 1st through internal and external sources. • Deliver impactful and professional executive level presentation. • Build financial life cycle to quantify value from the customer perspective. • Met monthly and yearly sales target • Develop and maintain strong business partnerships with the purpose of gaining the client's trust and delivering value added service. • Provided and rendered professional risk management advice to prospect and client • Collection of renewal premium from Hard Lapse and Soft Lapse bucket  Sales and Service as a Senior Relationship Manager in Kolkata  DHFL -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  March 2016 to August 2017  • Achieve FD, Mutual Fund and Insurance sales target on monthly basis • Highly methodical and well organized in work habits with well-developed leadership and motivational skills and a good team player.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Prosenjit-Mitra/c26c452ea7e1b821?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Analysing Customer needs and give a world class service which cover up all the requirement. • Knowledge of complex process and guidelines.  Assistant Sales Manager  Aviva Life Insurance India PVT Limited -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  August 2012 to November 2015  EXPOSURE • Seeking out aggressively for new business opportunities by consistently conducting cold call activities at the decision maker level and achieve insurance sales target. • Competed policy application and submitted required documentation for processing. • Knowledge of time management, organizational skills, convincing and negotiation skill  RESPONSIBILITIES • Met monthly and yearly sales target • Develop and maintain strong business partnerships with the purpose of gaining the client's trust and delivering value added service. • Provided and rendered professional risk management advice to prospect and client  Scientific Officer in production & Validation  Panacea Biotec Pvt Ltd -  July 2010 to April 2012  from July 2010 to April 2012  EXPOSURE • Handled industrial scale fermenter, Chromatography, autoclave. • Worked in cGMP and GMP compliance laboratory/industry • Knowledge of complex medical terms and procedures with all the documentation procedure. • Immunological techniques like ELISA, antigen-antibody interaction, double immunodiffusion blotting techniques. RESPONSIBILITIES • Interpreting information in an effective way. • Handling of 30 Litre (Sartorius), 600 Litre (Barun Biotec) & 1500 Litre (Bioengineering) Fermenter, involving inoculation of the culture in fermenter for the production of Hib PRP and Tetanus Toxin. • Regulate the process during batch and clean in place and sterilization in place of the fermenters for isolation of Tetanus toxin and Hib PRP • Upstream processing of H1N1 monovalent vaccine (egg based) • Validation done by keeping in mind the following things like purpose, scope, responsibility, safety consideration, material and reagent and deviation. • Validation and revalidation of equipment's and cleaning.  EDUCATION  M.Sc. in Biotechnology    Punjabi university -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh  2010  B.Sc. in Chemistry, Zoology & Biotechnology  PES College affiliated -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  2007  SKILLS  DOCUMENTATION (6 years), SALES (5 years), SALES AND (1 year), AML (Less than 1 year), AND MARKETING (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  IT SKILLS  • Diploma in computer application in the year of 2003 • MS-Word, Ms-Excel, Ms-PowerPoint, Internet usage  AREA OF INTEREST  • Team Leading, Sales and Marketing, Documentation, Quality Assurance, AML & Training  ACADEMIC PROJECT Project name: \"A Case Study Undertaken to Know the Role of X-Chromosome, Anti-Oxidants and Liver Tests in the Etiology of Turner Syndrome\"
