Sakshi Sundriyal Manager- Sales - Benefits and rewards Services  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sakshi-Sundriyal/ df41264b0a9efddc  To grow and lead an organization in Business Management, wherein I can leverage my customer relationship skills, business education and solution building skills, combined with six plus years of sales & marketing experience in corporate business development with various industry segments  Summary of Profile Experienced Key Accounts Manager & Consultant offering 7+ years of success in new business development, existing account management and Operational management.. Excellent communicator, leveraging business, planning and financial acumen to communicate effectively with business heads and their teams. Successfully planned and over looked execution of projects with large teams with complex deliverables, definite timelines and budgetary targets.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Manager- Sales  Benefits and rewards Services -  September 2015 to Present  15  Recruited by Sodexo Group, world leader of Quality of life services, integrating a global offer through on-site services, Benefits and Rewards services and personal and home services across 80 countries in the world Joined the organization in 2015 for sales of \"Incentives and Recognition\" services. Have been given additional responsibility of Employee benefits services in 2018. • Handling end to end Sales cycle for Employee benefits and Rewards services portfolio. Responsible for pitching the concept of Sodexo Meal and Gift Cards as motivational tool for employees and other stake holders. • Positioning Sodexo solutions in the mind of decision makers as the \"Best in market\" product to retain and engage employees on one hand and promote their product within the channel on other hand. • Maintaining relationships with HRs/ Admin/Taxation heads of the companies for implementation of meal benefit and Marketing Heads for Channel gifting services  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sakshi-Sundriyal/df41264b0a9efddc?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Sakshi-Sundriyal/df41264b0a9efddc?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Successfully acquired new clients for the company like Ador Welding, Greenlam, Idea Cellular, SBI General Insurance, Vivo Mobile, Sennhieser India and many more  Key Accounts Manager (Dy. Manager), Centum Learning (A boutique consulting May 2012- firm by Bharti Group) Sep 2015 Centum Learning is nation's largest frontline consulting firm. My profile included to sell and manage project relationships for large enterprises. Handled revenue targets worth INR 37.5 million for INR 240 million GEO business vertical. Centum Learning has a presence in 23 countries, including Philippines, Africa and Saudi Arabia, with total revenues worth INR 2 Billion and contributed to 21 industry sectors. Successfully acquired OD business and managed service delivery for companies with sizable sales and/or service structures. Clients like, GETIT Infomedia, Coca Cola India, McCain foods, Canara HSBC OBC Life insurance, Axis bank, Ultra Tech Cements, Cadbury India, ICICI Bank etc  Concept sales to CXO's  -  May 2012 to May 2012  management  Representative Business Engagements (20011-2016)  Uniform Meal benefit Program: Successfully pitched and implemented Sodexo meal card as a tool for uniform meal distribution and tax saving for employees PAN India.  Third Party collaborations: Signed up and servicing multiple events and Gifting companies for promoting Sodexo gift cards to their clients  Dealer effectiveness: Designed rewards solution for a general insurance company where the major business comes through auto dealers. Understood the current gifting pattern and identified areas which can be improved to make the process smooth and more efficient. This has resulted in more satisfied dealers and hassle free operations for the client  Bookers Promotion: Placed our product in the reward portfolio of a big Hotel Chain. The scheme is to reward the bookers for their contribution to the business. Restricted product portfolio available in the catalogue was limiting the motivation of bookers to perform. Sodexo solutions has given freedom of choice to the end beneficiary  Sales Effectiveness: Improve the selling skills, channel potential and management of a digital product through a team of sales executive and managers, with implementation for pan India employees of a Digital Directory Service    company. Closely working with sales leadership to improve, consumer sourced and sellers database. Result: Successful completion and renewal of solution framework post the testing phase. Overall Increase of 20% in consumers sourced and seller's database, thus doubling of the support team deployed for expansion planned for 2015-16.  Skilling Initiative: Skill about 40, 000 retailers and empower women retailer across the country under a non-csr based community development initiative taken by a Beverage major. Target to skill and monitor growth of 500, 000 retailers across the country in the next 4-5 years. Result: Designed the operational initiative with focus on scalable deployment keeping the costs controlled. Engaged and gathered approval from discussions with senior management. Currently, working with expats to create a business buy-in and chalk out a deployment framework conducive to mass skilling. Performance Improvement: Concept design and sales for the high-value Unified Collaboration & Immersive Tele- presence Solutions with Polycom Video Conferencing Codecs, Polycom Bridges and other Video products. Result: Assisted many customers successfully to save meeting costs and add value to their business conference structure by developing a customized and end to end business engagement solution.  Territory Manager  Business Octane Solution Pvt. Ltd -  March 2011 to March 2011  EDUCATION  MBA in Management  Institute for Technology and Management -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  November 2009  BSc in Physics  Delhi University -  Delhi, Delhi  September 2006  SKILLS  KEY ACCOUNTS (3 years), ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), BUDGETING (Less than 1 year), BUSINESS CASE (Less than 1 year), BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT (Less than 1 year)  LINKS  https://in.linkedin.com/in/sakshi-sundriyal-b2620715  https://in.linkedin.com/in/sakshi-sundriyal-b2620715   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Business Skills Key Accounts Management & Business Project Inception, Planning, Supervision and Development Closure (Operations Management) Key Account Management Business Case and Study Presentation (power point & platform skill) Requirements Analysis Proposal Writing Develop Deployment Framework Business Development Costing & Budgeting Negotiation Project Scheduling / Chartering Project Scoping & planning Team profiling & Recruitments Legal & Project Contracting Project reconciliation and collections Client Servicing Vendor Management Operations Management
