Rahul Tayade Global Production Support Lead, - Infosys Ltd (Technology Lead) - HSBC  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rahul-Tayade/ce40c3731cb69763  • Total 12+ years of IT experience in the analysis, design, development, Testing support, implementation, CAT support and management of full life cycle applications, project coordination, managing development and support projects. • More than 7 years of experience on Project Leading support and maintenance project including enhancements of the application. • Over 4 years of Project Management experience on support/maintenance projects. • Managed multiple applications with team more than 16 members. • Involved in PM activities like dealing with customer, identifying new business, get new business, accordingly raising quotes, and get PO approved from customer, track the work and bill customer based on Resource Utilization, Workforce management, manage project costing by providing cost-effective solutions etc. • Involve in SIX Sigma and Lean initiative to remove the unwanted NVA (non-value add) improve on costing and performance side • Was deputed to client side UK-IPSWICH to deal with client and handle issues, achieve the client confidence by creating road map for improvement and improving performance and during that time customer satisfaction rating was increased to 4.9 from 4.4 out of 5. • Handled responsibilities as the single point of contact for various projects, transitioning and offshore coordinator. • As a ASG Project lead involved in ASG activities like resource management, work allocation, shift management, handling escalations, SLA performance and dashboard reporting, ITES Metric reports, Highlight reports, coordinating and performing deployments, QMG audits, PMR activities etc. • Practiced ITIL V3 processes during my tenure on application support projects which includes Service Transition, Service Operations (Incident management, Change Management, Problem Management) and Continual Service Improvements • Handled effort estimation using Function Point (IFPUG Guidelines), cost estimation and planning various projects. • Prepared performance improvement plan on activities related to application performance. • Managed and Delivered VDC Migrations, Database Migration projects. • Capacity planning, work load and work force planning. • Interact with the business analysts &amp; application leads to come up with technical designs based on the functional designs. • Worked extensively on Oracle PL/SQL, UNIX, Scripting and have good interpersonal skills. • Involved in Service transition and successfully completed all quality gates • Documented and Managed DR activities successfully • Involved in BCP planning and execution. • Team mentoring and help team when needed • Involved in escalations and resolve the issue smoothly by involving business stakeholders and team effectively.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Global Production Support Lead, - Infosys Ltd (Technology Lead)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rahul-Tayade/ce40c3731cb69763?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   HSBC -  Pune, Maharashtra -  June 2016 to Present  Currently working in Global Standards IT under the CDD (Customer Due Diligence) program which is responsible for tackling financial crime by implementing new tools to better understand their customers.  I lead a global 24*7 production support team for a number of Tier 1 KYC (Know Your Client) FCR (Financial Crime Risk) applications and provide hands on application support to a user base across 35 countries in 42 markets, for HSBC and its subsidiaries First Direct and Marks &amp; Spencer Bank.  Tasks: • Mentoring team on Technical as well as Process front • Implementing new processes • Implementing a global 24*7 Support Model • Supporting the rollout of new customer onboarding tool across 35 countries • Supporting weekly release cycles  Responsibilities: • Offshore Leadership/People Management • Service Delivery Management • Stakeholder Management • Relationship Management • Service Recovery Management • Production Support • Incident Management • Problem Management • Change Management • Release Management &amp; Support during releases • Involve in Service Improvement Process for Faster and Smooth delivery • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects • Documentation and manage Knowledge bank for team reference • Documentation and execution of DR activities  Technology Lead  HSBC -  Pune, Maharashtra -  October 2015 to July 2016  Involved in Transition of application • Preparation of in Knowledge Transfer plan from HSBC to Infosys, • Managing KT schedules and made sure that it working as per plan • Managing variance and made sure that portion left should get discussed as per updated plans. • Mentoring new team on technical and process front • Helping team where laps in KT plan or miscommunications • Preparation and scheduling of Reverse KT plans and smooth execution of it    • Managing stake holders and business and give them confidence for moving support to new team • Made sure that this plan passed from all quality gates in order to start work from new team • Documentation of all these Knowledge and Process  Project Lead  British Telecom UK -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2010 to July 2015  FPQ system is used for entry and reporting of quality data. It is national database for all quality checks. It is used to record field performance quality scores of resources and based on the entry of it evaluate the quality scores. It is also used for score sheet and contractor management. Base on the score sheets auditors performs the transaction audits. FPQ also provides the transactional and statistical reports. V21 is crucial interface between the OSS and the network. It is based on Metasolv's component OMS. OMS: A Centralized Order Management system that allows changing processes and adding interfaces automatically  • Off Shore Project Manager for various integration projects for the client. • Requirement Understanding for future development and enhancement by interacting with Client, E2E Solution Designers and other stake holders. • Prepared application performance improvement plan such CSIP (Continuous Service Improvement Plan), Get-well Plan. • Providing estimation of effort and timescale for all the project deliveries • Managing components deliveries impacted by various Releases • Perform project planning, scheduling, monitoring, and reporting activities. • Interface with the client team to update them on the issues, risks and status of the offshore delivery. • Part of Application/Detail Design team to design high level and low level of the integration work. • Ensure system is delivered within planned cost, timescale and resource budgets. • Perform Release Management • Effort Estimation, Cost estimation, Allocate work to the team, track and raise the queries and resolve issues related to deliveries. • Design, Development, Testing for various projects. • Change Requests/Maintenance Release • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects. • Oracle Database Migration, Application Migration to VDC environment. • Completed VDC Migration (DaaS, CaaS, MaaS) for various application  Along-side the responsibilities mentioned above I was involved in various initiatives by client for improvement in team efficiency like Six Sigma and Lean management that saved lots of efforts and in turns monetary benefits to customer.  We also developed solutions to various issues which reduced incidents count that also reduce turnaround time for resolution of the issue that engineer faced. For which we have received Blue Ribbon Award.    Team Lead  British Telecomm UK -  UK -  June 2006 to July 2010  EWMP-Tacticals contains Robotic systems formerly with the FastTrack solutions Team within BT. Robotic systems were developed with the purpose of reducing the manual/ repetitive work done by the Field engineers. This work is automated by Robots and User interface interacting with various systems like CSS, Work Manager and other components. It is bunch of 16 applications  • Off Shore Project Manager for various integration projects for the client. • Requirement Understanding for future development and enhancement by interacting with Client, E2E Solution Designers and other stake holders. • Prepared application performance improvement plan such CSIP (Continuous Service Improvement Plan), GetWell Plan. • Providing estimation of effort and timescale for all the project deliveries • Managing components deliveries impacted by various Releases • Perform project planning, scheduling, monitoring, and reporting activities. • Interface with the client team to update them on the issues, risks and status of the offshore delivery. • Part of Application/Detail Design team to design high level and low level of the integration work. • Ensure system is delivered within planned cost, timescale and resource budgets. • Perform Release Management • Effort Estimation, Cost estimation, Allocate work to the team, track and raise the queries and resolve issues related to deliveries. • Design, Development, Testing for various projects. • Change Requests/Maintenance Release • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects. • Oracle Database Migration, Application Migration to VDC environment. • Completed VDC Migration (DaaS, CaaS, MaaS) for various application before EOSL (End of life cycle of the application)  For one of the legacy application (FastQ) , we have provided L3 support, application basically developed Oracle HTTPS based and Tomcat as Service to handle it. During change in business level we have done development and changes for this application for which Customer gives me Start Team player award as this was legacy application and before this change there was no change done for more than 6 years.  System Analyst  GE Countrywide, Lending and Repay Management -  May 2005 to April 2006  Leasing functionality as per the standard defined by financial institution. It includes all the functionality from Creation of Group, Company, and Creation of Trenches, Disbursing Loan Agreement No. Capitalizing LAN. In Repayment Management System will take care of Installment receipt, Write-off cases, Charges for delinquent cases, Foreclosure of LAN etc    This application was developed from Scratch so involved in every part of application life cycle from requirement gathering till UAT support before go-live  • Database design, GUI design. • Development of database objects like procedure packages, and development of GUI. • Design and developed customized report as per client requirement. • Component testing. • End to end test support. • UAT support and post deployment support.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in ELECTRONICS AND TELECOMMUNICATION  Amravati University -  Amravati, Maharashtra  1997 to 1999  Diploma in INDUSTRIAL ELECTRONICS  Technical Board of Education Bombay -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1993 to 1996  SKILLS  MENTORING (10+ years), SCHEDULING (9 years), ORACLE (9 years), SOLUTIONS (9 years), BENEFITS (4 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  I.T KNOWLEDGE &amp; SKILLS Programming Languages: VB script, C, C++, Visual Basic, COM/DCOM Databases: Oracle, SQL, Development Tools: Toad, PL/SQL Developer, Crystal Report, Putty,Clarify, GSD, RTC, JIRA, Confluence, VSS, PVCS, Web Servers: IIS, Oracle HTTP Server on Windows, Weblogic 10.3, WebSphere, Apache Tomcat, MTS Batch Scheduling: Control-M, Cron0Jobs, Windows Schedulers Operating Systems: Windows […] Pro &amp; Server/XP Home &amp; Professional/2003 Server/ Vista/7 Pro &amp; Enterprise/8/10, MS-DOS, UNIX, Linux Windows Packages: Microsoft Office: (Word, Excel, Access, Outlook and PowerPoint), Oracle DBMS, Internet Explorer, Netscape, Lotus Notes, Adobe Flash, Photoshop, and CITRIX Metaframe 1.8/XP Transferable Skills: Excellent business skills, project management, presentation, interpersonal, communication and report writing skills, Team Mentoring  OTHER SKILLS • Sound customer-facing skills: drive demos, status calls, issues &amp; escalation handling and provide solutions which benefits the business and customer    • Dynamic Team leader, strong resource management, team building skills and conflict management. Strong in result oriented service delivery to the customer • Excellent cross-vendor communication skills • Strong Analytical &amp; problem solving ability and proactively drive opportunities to resolution without supervision
