Sridevi H Bangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sridevi-H/63703b24aaaa54e4  To further my career with a growth-oriented firm that will allow me to utilize my experience and knowledge as a Technical /Project Lead.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Principal System Engineer  Aricent Technologies  Infosys  Technical Lead  EDUCATION  M.S in Software Systems  BITS Pilani -  Pilani, Rajasthan  B.E. in Computer Science  Board of Technical Education  SKILLS  Networking/Platform/Drivers/Vxworks  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Key Strengths • Over 15 years of experience in Ethernet Data Communication Technology Ethernet Routing Switches, Metro Ethernet Routing Switches, Platform and Wireless • Good knowledge of Real Time operating Systems (Vxworks) and Drivers • Highly skilled in performing analytical and logic building functions to provide feasible solutions to problems • Brilliant interpersonal coordination and communication skills • Competent at leading, managing and training teams on different aspects of data communication systems  Technical Skill Set SYSTEMS WORKED ON * Data communication -Multi Service Transport Network Controller Cards, Ethernet Routing Switch, DOMAIN KNOWLEGDE * Enterprise Router -L2, L3 protocols (MLT, LACP, BGP, STP, SMLT, SLPP, Provider Bridge, IPFIX, VRF, RSP Fastpath)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sridevi-H/63703b24aaaa54e4?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   * Platform -Task Architecture, Logging, , File System, Debugging tools, Crash analysis, Chassis Management * Wireless- 802.11 Split AP Architecture, WMM 802.11 E  OPERATING SYSTEMS and LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY/HARDWARE PLATFORM * Programming/ Library/Platform - C, Visual Basics, Unix, RTOS-VxWorks, Windows, Power PC based processor, TOOLS * Clarify, Clearcase, Source Insight, Network Traffic Simulators like IXIA, Smart Bits, Network Protocol Analyzers like Ethereal and WireShark.  DATABSE * Oracle, MS Access, MySQL REWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS * Spot Awards, Program Level Awards Infosys, Aricent * Individual Excellence Award 2010 Infosys * Leadership Quotient Award 2014 Aricent * Client Appreciation Award 2016 Aricent * Engineering Excellence Award 2016 Cisco  SOFT SKILLS Soft skill trained and certified in the areas like Interpersonal Effectiveness, Client Interfacing Skills, Cross Cultural Skills, &amp;Team Management  Projects Handled in Aricent Project 01: TNC Controller card for MSPP and MSTP Optical network Duration: From Date: Nov 2014 to till date Designation: Principal System Engineer Client: Cisco  Role: 1. Design and Development of Network Driver/Pseudo Network Driver for new controller card with Broadcom SDK integration and Driver Implementation Tasks include Driver design for new Chip, Broadcom SDK compilation in VxWorks, Integration and Writing driver using Broadcom SDK. 2. Design and Development of Broadcom Mini Driver Kit Integration in new controller card 3. Design and Development of Features like GDT, ANSI-ETSI on Multishelf  4. Front ending the Different Releases 5. Technical Guidance and Backlog Reduction Activities 6. Solving Critical Customer issues Few examples of critical issues solved in the TNC which fetched client appreciations Flash Mgr Stuck issue UsbMgr Stuck issue Silent Reboot caused in the standby controller Ipv6 connectivity failure every 2-3 hours Arp6Show causing crash in telnet session 7. Client interaction and customer network/Test Team Network debugging 8. Mentoring the team  Project 02: VSM IPSec for ASR9K    Duration: From Date: Feb 2013 to Oct 2014 Designation: Senior Technical Lead Client: Cisco  Support for IPsec on ASR9K routers. VSM Service module is extended to support IPSec Service on ASR9K. In order to achieve the Time to market, in the first phase IPSec management, control and data plane are not integrated with IOS-XR. VSM card while plugged inside ASR9K chassis, will provide the IPSec functionality. From an ingress LC, traffic requiring IPSec functionality (encryption or decryption) will be sent to VSM card. Upon completing the crypto operation, traffic will be forwarded to the destination egress LC to be sent out of ASR9K system. Role: 1. Initial Sessions for the team members on overall architecture 2. Coordinating with team members and technical help to the team 3. Initial investigation using Intel DPDK compilation, launch VMs etc. 4. Initial investigation on High Availability Design 5. Design/Development of Keep alive functionality between Control plane and Data plane agents 6. Design/Development of integrating CDP in Control Plane 7. Design/Development of having CDP in the Linux Data plane  Prior Experience Outside Aricent Company worked for: INFOSYS LIMITED Duration: From Date: 03 Sep 2007 To Date: 2 Jan 2013 Designation: Technology Lead  Product: MERS and ERS Routers Client: Avaya Project 01: Ethernet Routing Switch - North American OEM The Ethernet Routing Switch is a proven, tested, resilient intelligent network solution that scales, delivering hundreds of Gigabits per second and hundreds of millions of packets per second of performance to the core. This flexible switch reduces the complexity of network design, making it ideal for midsize-to-large enterprise campuses and data centers. Its switching architecture is based on Network Processing Units (NPU)  This project aims at design, development and sustenance of Enterprise Routers.  Responsibilities/Activities • Bug Fixing and crash analysis in area of Routing and system architecture • Trouble Shooting the live customer network to understand the issue provide work around and collect data • As Sustenance team member and lead resolved/supervised critical customer and design issues. - Critical customer issues in Area of Vxworks Stack, SSH, STP device drivers, BGP protocol, MLT, LACP, CFM  Some good issues solved in different areas of the product which are in memory are - Solving tftp hang issue in Vxworks Stack - Providing task delete hook for the graceful task deletion for SSH Hang issue - Solving BGP indirect neighbor issue by trouble shooting live customer network - Providing analysis and solution to a non-reproducible SSH hang issue - Providing analysis on inter-op issue with proprietary IO card with CISCO    - Fix for CF card crash issue - Quick solution provided in RSP Code for handling traffic on STP blocked port for IP Traffic. - Provided design/technical inputs for feature development \"Sys log Support through SSH Portforwarding \" - Supervised feature \"Federal IA Library\" design and implementation • Maintain and setting up of scaled up stability network to verify the Stability of the product • Training and mentoring new personnel in the project • Review of Designs, Enhancements &amp; Major Bug Fixes. -Provided Code /Design Review comments and testing guidance and testing scenarios. • Design Support to Product Test teams for newly developed features. • Design and Development of enhancements. • As a lead involved in tracking deliverables, estimation, status reporting (to the customer), productivity and quality tracking. • Additionally providing consultation to test team in their deliverables • Ensuring high quality of deliverables through reviews and defect prevention.  Project 02: Metro Ethernet Routing Switch - North American OEM  Responsibilities/Activities • Worked in the various capacities -Technical Lead, Designer, • Resolving Critical customer issues in quick turnaround time • Driving the sustenance team size of 10 by providing the technical assistance and necessary sessions and trainings in turn increase the productivity of the team • Conducting weekly bug-scrub meetings to ensure the work in track • One of the key code reviewers in the program to ensure the proper quality of the product delivered. • Defect analysis, Knowledge management are the other key responsibilities • Training and mentoring new personnel in the project.  Company worked for: HUAWEI TECHNOLOGIES Duration: From Date: 07 Jun 2004 To Date: 18 May 2007 Designation: SOFTWARE ENGINEER  Client: Huawei China  Project 01: DOPRA  Description of the project DOPRA is the platform for telecom products. It is a proprietary platform and has company internal customers. It has main two planes, system management and system service planes and several sub modules. I have successfully worked on the following modules.  Module - MML INI Parser Tool MML is Configuration Tool used in communication equipments This Configuration Tool has set of default and user defined commands. INI Parsing tool is a tool which accepts MML Commands in certain grammar and generates Resource file and Binary File respectively which will be read by server to resister the commands. Involved in the development, testing, verification of the module on windows.    Module - Man Machine Language MML is a configuration tool widely used in communication equipments. It uses Client/Server architecture. MML server communicates with both the client and the APP in the equipment. It receives MML commands inputted by users from the client and relays it to APP to process it. After acquiring the processing result, the server generates a MML report and sends it back to the client. It interacts with other system modules. Connection Management, Authorization Management, Command Process, Data Synchronization, Event Notification, Command Parsing, LOG/ALARM Handling are some of the functions of MML Server. Involved in the development, defect fixing and verification of the module on windows, Linux and vxworks platforms Involved in several release activities.  Module - Configuration Management Configuration Management Module is core module of System Management. Its main function is to define specifications for configuration management interface between the configuration tool layer and the application layer, and provide related configuration command communication mechanism. Any information that can be modified by the user/application and that affects the functionality of the application can be regarded as configurable data. All configuration commands can be sent to Configuration Management Module using a common interface type. Configuration Data Management Module is a supplementary optional component that can be loaded to provide a persistent storage (&amp; retrieval) mechanism for applications' static configuration data. Involved in the defect fixing and feature enhancement of the module on windows, Linux and vxworks platforms Involved in several release activities.  Module - TL1 Transaction Language 1 (TL1) is a widely used, \"legacy\", management protocol in telecommunications. It is a cross-vendor, cross-technology man-machine language, and is widely used to manage Synchronous Optical Networks (SONET) . It is defined for operation system/ network element (machine-to-machine) interfaces. TL1 corresponds to the User System Language (USL), which is the language for human-to machine interactions. It is used for managing network elements in a network. TL1 Module is an interface between an Application and Client. Client sends the TL1 Commands to perform some configuration operations in the Applications. TL1 module process the client text TL1 commands according to standard specification TL1 GR 831 and interacts with the Configuration management module and Convert Response messages back to TL1 Response messages Involved in development, verification and customer and release activities. I was a module lead for this project.  Module - QX The Qx interface is a company proprietary application layer protocol between target and the GUI of NMS. By this protocol, NE can communicate with SCC (System Communication and Control) software in different operation system. Each command has defined format. Commands are given in binary form. Qx Module acts as an interface between the Client and Application. Involved in development, verification and customer and release activities. I was a module lead for this project.  Role: Designer/Developer/ Reviewer/    Responsibility: Designing and coding various modules Involvement in peer review and overall review activities and project discussions Coordinating the development cycle Training team members and solving project related issues configuration management of the project using Clear Case Duration: From June 2004 to Sep 2006 Hardware: X86, CPCI, ATCA Software: C++, C Project2: Wireless LAN - 802.11 MAC (Split AP Architecture) Description of the project Wireless LAN 802.11 describes MAC and PHY. Wireless stations are connected to form a basic service area which is controlled by a base station called Access Point. Access Point is a special device which basically acts as a bridge between wired and wireless media connected to a distributed system generally Ethernet. Several Access Points can be connected to a distribution media to form an extended service set. In split AP architecture AP's connect to a central controller called Access Controller in short AC. AP has the minimal functionalities such as receiving the 802.11 data from the radio and forwarding data and management frames to AC, Power management, Advertising beacons, handling control frames. Management operations such as Association, Authentication, Handling frames, conversion between […] 802.3 will be done by AC. I was involved in the development of feature development, defect analysis, testing activities in the CLI, Frame handling, Association and Beacon advertisement modules. Module: WLAN Support for WMM 802.11 E Qos Requirements WMM is a protocol designed by the Wi-Fi forum to provide quality of service to wireless traffic. This project basically deals with providing WLAN support for WMM module, this includes handling Qos frames in the Uplink down link data flow, Priority mapping for Qos frames, Fragmentation and Reassembly of the Qos frames, Security Related modifications for Qos Frames, Power management of Qos stations etc. I was involved in the design, review, coding of the Uplink, Down link Data Flow, Fragmentation and Reassembly of the Qos frames.  Role: Developer Responsibility: To design, and code the necessary changes. Design test scenarios for the design verification of the feature enhancements. Ensure proper quality of the product delivered. Smoke testing of all the features in each release Performance testing and log record maintenance Configuration Management for feature enhancement projects using Clear case tool Duration: From: Sep 2006 - May 2007 Hardware: Vxworks, Windows Software: C Company worked for: ALBERTSONS INTERNATIONAL PRIVATE LIMITED Duration: From Date: 16 Jun 2000 To Date:29 Oct 2001 Designation: SOFTWARE ENGINEER Project Name Application Software Development  Description of the project Software for guest house, Fisheries Account management, Liquor wholesale. restaurants  Role: Designer/Developer/ Reviewer/Customer Support    Responsibility: Designing and coding above mentioned projects independently Involvement in requirement collection, prototype building, installation and support Coordinating the development cycle Duration: From June 2000 to Oct 2001 Hardware: X86 Software: VB, C, MSACCESS Management Skill Set • Release Planning • Work assignment and Follow up • Preparation of weekly bug scrub for customer and Conducting Weekly Bug scrub Meetings with the team • Monthly Billing • Monthly Milestone Report Preparation • Monthly Metrics Report Preparation • Monthly OPS Review Report Preparation and Meetings with customer • Weekly OPS Preparation and Meetings with customer • TL9K Audit Preparation • Quarterly Defect Prevention and Analysis Report Preparation • Monthly CM Audit • Provided Macro and VB scripting and CQ queries for button click report generation  SRIDEVI RAO H
