Bipul Poddar Sales Manager - Wings Life Spaces Marketing Services Pvt Ltd  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Bipul-Poddar/ bc91d88e3136309a  • A functional professional with 8 years of experience in Sales and Marketing. • Expertise in managing sales team and operations with key focus on top line profitability through effective managing and tweaking of provided resources. • Demonstrated capabilities in successfully nurturing a team right from transition and in meeting and exceeding the Gross Margins. • Adept at handling day to day administrative activities in coordination with training / quality and BD departments for smooth business operations. • A leader with exemplary communication, interpersonal skills with the ability to collaborate with staff at all levels and work under pressure.  Willing to relocate to: Kolkata Air Port, West Bengal  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Manager  Wings Life Spaces Marketing Services Pvt Ltd -  December 2017 to Present  Job Profile: • Handling a team of executives for drivng sales and achieving company objectives. • Understanding customer requirements and pitching about company products and providing best deals. • Setup and followup of the meetings with potential customers • Prepare and deliver appropriate presentations to potential customers • Sales Closure and achieving the monthly targets • Maintaining frequent review reports of meeting with sales head. • Participate on behalf of the company in exhibitions and conferences. Organisation: Disha Direct Marketing Services Pvt Ltd. Duration: 2 years. Designation: Manager Sales. JobProfile:  • Handling a team of Assistant Sales Managers & Branding, Marketing, and Sales. • Customer Support & Consultancy in Realty Sector. • Handling customer queries over the phone and solving them. • Taking Team briefs whenever required. • Checking current requirements through clients and booking. • Checking the status of the current position of the market. So that the risk analysis and the Profit captivation can be done in an explicit manner.  Organisation: Avani Realtors Pvt Ltd.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Bipul-Poddar/bc91d88e3136309a?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Bipul-Poddar/bc91d88e3136309a?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Duration: 2.5 years Designation: Sales Manager Job Profile:  • Branding, Marketing, Sales, Customer Support & Consultancy in Realty Sector and handling a team of Assistant Sales Managers & Sales. • Handling customer queries over the phone and solving the m instantaneously. Taking Team briefs whenever required. • Checking current requirements through clients and booking. • Checking the status of the current position of the market. So that the risk analysis and the Profit captivation can be done in an explicitly manner.  Organization: RELIANCE INFOCOM LTD. Duration: 3years. Designation: Sales Associates Executive. Job Profile:  • Handle corporate sales. The job profile demands develop Corporate customers and make bulk deal for Reliance Mobile connections. • Ensuring collection & after sales support to allocated corporate Customers. • Providing sales & technical support.  Sales Manager  Disha Direct Marketing Services Pvt Ltd.  Attending the walk in on the site and reference lists.  Understanding customers requirements and pitching about the products and offerings.  Set up and follow up of the meetings with potential customers.  Prepare and delivers appropriate presentations to potential customers.  Sales closure and achieving the monthly targets.  Maintain frequent reviews and reports of the meetings with sales head.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Arts in Political Science  Kolkata University -  Kolkata, West Bengal  I.C.S.E  Durgapur Bidhan School -  Kolkata, West Bengal  SKILLS  Sales Manager, Real Estate  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Core Competencies    Operations Management • Conceptualizing and executing day-to-day operational and administrative tasks. Liaising with all departments to manage the sales and marketing. • Analyze the success and failure rate and the reasons behind it. • Leading, monitoring the performance of the team to ensure efficiency in sales & marketing, & meeting of individual & group targets. • Creating & sustaining a dynamic environment that fosters development opportunities & • motivates high performance amongst team members. • Identifying training needs across levels through mapping of skills require d for different roles & analysis of the existing level of competencies.
