Jaykumar Shah Sales Manager  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jaykumar-Shah/bbac2c3225474c0c  * Over 10 Years rich experience in Direct Sales, Retail Sales, Corporate Sales, Sales Management, Branch Management, Team Management, Inventory Planning, Budgeting, & Institutional sales. * Adept in starting and building new ventures from scratch to establish sales network of the company. * Competent planner with abilities in devising effective strategies for augmenting business, Identifying and penetrating new markets * Proficient in building, managing & motivating teams & keeping attrition levels under control * Ability to maintain smooth & cordial relations with business partners & good rapport with the customers  Results-driven professional with a solid, verifiable career track for successfully propelling industry leaders through start-up ventures and high-growth cycles. Known for delivering record-breaking revenue and profit gains within highly competitive regional markets. Exceptional communicator with strong negotiation, problem resolution, and client needs assessment aptitude. Equally effective at identifying opportunities, developing focus, and providing tactical business solutions. Core strengths include:  Strategic & Tactical Planning New Business Development Sales & Marketing Team Building & Leadership  P&L / Financial Reporting Human Resources Management Program Development Contract Negotiations  Client / Vendor Relations High-end Technical Training Policy/Procedure Formulation Public Relation & Speaking  Marketing Negotiating Dynamic Smart  Marketing strategies Strong closing skills Entrepreneurial flair Coming up with ideas Marketing campaigns Influencing skills Increasing revenue growth Commercial judgement Customer focused Building relationships High energy levels Analysing data Sales orientated Account management People management Effective planning skills Brand awareness Selling creatively Business planning Innovative Presentation skills Up-selling Writing reports Business sense  https://www.indeed.com/r/Jaykumar-Shah/bbac2c3225474c0c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Manager  ICICI Lombard Gic Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  July 2013 to March 2016  Plan and execute sales strategies for company by influencing sales staff. Publish a monthly newsletter on important sales facts, providing sales figures for staff to understand. Facilitate on-site sales training in meetings, conferences, and online seminars. Represent Icici Lombard in Health and Banc Home Handling the Disbursement of Homeloan, Loan Against Property, Business Loan, Personal Loan, Real Estate Manage 24 Usm's and 8 Mgmt Trainee's semi-annually through our mentors program geared towards potential sales members.  Sales Executive/Team Leader /Team Manager  Mum in Finanza Finserv, Borivali -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  May 2009 to July 2013  Responsibilities - Contributed to the development of the customer base through own contacts or through the affiliate agencies Played a pivotal role in development of the promotional strategies for existing loan products Coordinated with prospective clients, clarified and determined their doubts regarding the mortgage loans and repayment methods. Analyzed the financial and economic scenarios and advised the borrowers or related parties ahead of time regarding the consequences of their loans. Delegated the loan processing to loan processors after proper training. Guided and assisted the processing staff in the loan processing procedures.  SKILLS  COMMUNICATION PROTOCOL (Less than 1 year), CORRESPONDENCE (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), POWERPOINT (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Computer Knowledge: Working knowledge of windows and MS - Office, Excel, and PowerPoint. Exposure to computerized working environment. Well Versed with Internet and E-mail.  Aptitude: Good communication protocol and Correspondence flair in English. Self-learning aptitude and skills Believe in team work and knowledge sharing of credits.    Ability to build and motivate team efforts.  Attitude: Positive and Self - possessed. Willing to work and streamline my position according to scope and requirement of the job.
