Amol Bansode Store Manager - Lifestyle International Pvt. Ltd  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Amol-Bansode/dd4eea0a7f603ee7  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Thane, Maharashtra - Navi Mumbai Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Store Manager  Lifestyle International Pvt. Ltd -  October 2017 to Present  Sales - Achieve targets and growth on YOY. Identifies current and future customer requirements and make plans to achieve. Strong in analysis and planning. Build strong database of customers with information of their preferences. Provide inputs to design team on customer expectations, preferences, and moving styles. Generate and convert maximum footfalls into buyer. • Operations - Stock/inventory management. Achieve good audit ratings. Control on Shrinkages. Regular reporting to supervisors. Ensuring company rules & regulations as per co. standard's are followed. Experience in billing in software, charge back procedure, good in excel, audits, ensure right stock, moving merchandise and no dead stock pile up and store maintenance. Resolve issues pertaining to back-end operations in consignment points and exclusive stores. • HR - Ensure code of conduct and discipline at the store level. Set an example as a strong leader. Develop team and bond the team to take challenges to meet co. requirement. Train team on product knowledge, grooming standards, soft skills, customer service as per the retail standards. Conduct loss prevention training for stock and reduce shrinkage. • CRM - Fair dealings. Getting right data from the customers and punching in the system. Maintain how much is repeat customer and new. Increasing ATV, ABS. Retain customers, increase incremental sales, push loyalty program. Overall to increase market size. Customer objection handling at store level and reduce the escalation. • Visual Merchandising & Marketing - Ensure VM is as per the co. guidelines. Experience in proposing marketing plans & executing promotional activities and generate sales.  Store Manager  BATA INDIA LTD -  September 2010 to September 2017  https://www.indeed.com/r/Amol-Bansode/dd4eea0a7f603ee7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Responsible for driving operational, visual and customer service standards of the store, monitoring and reviewing store performance regularly i.e. in weekly and monthly basis. • Ensuring that each customer receives outstanding service with demonstration of product in friendly environment. • Handling entire gamut of task entailing visual merchandising planning, budgeting and formulation of strategies for the store. • Identifying of weak areas that to be improved & imparting on time bound training for the co-workers to implement systems & procedures. • Accountable for performance and objectives of Store operations, Customer care, Marketing, Logistics, Information technology, Administration, Inventory control and Manpower management. • Planning & scheduling of Team assignments to achieve the pre-set goals within time schedule, maintaining quality set parameters. • Keeping a track of the stock is well within the allowed limits at all times and ensuring that it is managing uniformly among all the store locations. • Accountable for implementation of safety procedures of the store and also maximizing sales through effective merchandising and marketing. • Efficiently creating and maintaining a good environment and Team spirit within the business by effective communication, motivation, mentoring and delegation skills.  Store Manager  PLANET M RETAIL LTD -  September 2008 to August 2010  Responsible for Retail Store Operations, Customer Service Excellence, Team Building/Training/ Supervision, Inventory Management and Merchandising Strategies. • Handled Budgeting and Profit & Loss Management also organized and managed special events and promotions within the store. • Accountable for preparing daily, weekly, monthly sales and analysis, market and strategies reports. Cooperated with other staffs while developed marketing strategies and promotion campaigns. • Ensured that each customer receives outstanding service by providing a friendly environment, maintaining solid product knowledge and all other aspects of customer service. • Coordinated with the category & the warehouse for new arrival & replenishment for stock. • Provided training to the Team Members & handled activities towards Team building. Conducted daily briefing for the team, planning shifts & breaks to ensure adequate man power on the floor. • Analyzed latest marketing trends & tracked competitors' activities & providing valuable inputs for fine tuning of the strategies.  Senior Sales Officer  BRAND HOUSE RETAILS LTD -    January 2007 to August 2008  Efficiently maintained service excellence culture within the organization. Identified opportunities to improve productivity, efficiency and ensured store's policies and procedures were complied with service quality norms. • Responsible for developing, motivating and educating the staff members on various operational matters and guiding them towards successful outcomes and attainment of business objectives. • Monitored availability of top selling merchandise in the store. • Skillfully designed, implemented and monitored effective inventory planning and established the quantity limits for effective inventory control. • Created innovative strategies and formulating business development/ sales policies for accelerated growth of the organization.  Sales Associate  TRENT LIMITED -  January 2005 to December 2006  Channel Partner  PACE MARKETING PVT. LTD -  December 2003 to December 2004  EDUCATION  MBA in Marketing Management  Intellectual Institute of Management and Technology  August 2015  SKILLS  Sales, Team Management, Training, Customer Service  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Always have positive attitude with leadership skills
