Binoy Choubey Senior Manager with 10 years of experience in Real Estate, Telecommunications and IT industry  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Binoy-Choubey/e951206ae7d9099e  An astute & result oriented professional with 10+ years of experience in industries such as Real Estate, Telecommunication and Information Technology. Having functional experience in areas such as Business Development, Project Management, Sales & Marketing, Key Account Management and Business Analysis. In Real Estate Sector with an experience of 6+ years I have good knowledge of Development Control Regulations and have hands on experience in various capacities across value chain of the entire process. I have demonstrated successful track record in areas of Project Management, Business Development and Property Affairs. Major strengths include good understanding of development regulations, excellent communication / relationship management, attention to detail, supervisory and administrative skills in project management to accomplish company goals.  CORE STRENGTHS • Strategic Planning • Focus Group & Market Research • Out of Box Thinker • Corporate communications • Investment Property Expert • Team Leadership • Customer Service Oriented • New Acquisitions & Business Development  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Mumbai Central, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Manager  INDIABULLS DISTRIBUTION SERVICES -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  December 2017 to Present  Key Responsibilities: • Responsible for the sales of Premium Apartments. • To ensure Sales through a team of Relation Managers at Active Projects. • To maintain and expand organization's database of Channel Partner s by increasing width & depth of this Distribution channel. • To recruit and train the RM's on various aspects of real estate transactions. • To accompany the RM's on their site visit and client meetings and help them in their closures. • To ensure regular product & price updates to the channel partners.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Binoy-Choubey/e951206ae7d9099e?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Responsible for generating sales with existing customers & developing opportunities with new customers. • Report on sales activities to Senior Managements. • Reaching the Targets and Goals set for the assigned area. • Establishing, maintaining and expanding the customer base. • Collecting customer feedback and market research. • Keeping up to date with products and competitors.  Assistant Manager  IDEAL GROUP -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  July 2017 to November 2017  Key Responsibilities: • Responsible for the sales of Premium Apartments, Duplexes & Triplexes, Villas and Penthouse priced from 3 Crore and above. • To ensure Sales through Channel Partners (Brokers & Alternate Channels) at Active Projects. • To maintain and expand organization's database of Channel Partner s by increasing width & depth of this Distribution channel. • To ensure smooth registration, training & brokerage disbursal for channel partner. • To liaison and work closely with the site executives for various promotional offers for channel partners. • To ensure regular product & price updates to the channel partners. • Responsible for generating sales with existing customers & developing opportunities with new customers. • Report on sales activities to Top Management. • Reaching the Targets and Goals set for the assigned area. • Establishing, maintaining and expanding the customer base. • Collecting customer feedback and market research. • Keeping up to date with products and competitors.  PIONEER PROPERTY MANAGEMENT LIMITED -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  June 2016 to July 2017  KOLKATA  PIONEER PROPERTY MANAGEMENT LIMITED is amongst the best property consultants in Kolkata. Currently it is managing the Marketing & Sales of 20+ projects in various segments of most reputed builders like Ideal Group, Merlin Group, P.S. group, Mani Group, etc.  Designation: Senior Property Advisor (Premium Properties) Key Responsibilities: • Represented the developers of its developed and undeveloped properties. • Generated leads through cold calls and referrals.    • Coordinated appointments to show marketed properties. • Accompanied buyers and sellers to their property inspections and appraisals. • Negotiated, facilitated and managed real estate transactions. • Followed up with prospective buyers regarding incentives from the builder and new developments in the surrounding area. • Communicated with clients to understand their property needs and preferences. • Developed and maintained a list of properties suited to different needs and budgets. • Informed home buyer of the sales, construction and legal processes. • Created and implemented marketing plans to drive sales. • Negotiated contracts on behalf of clients. • Guided clients from beginning to end of the buying process in choosing the right property.  Manager  A. R. NIRMAN PRIVATE LIMITED -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  December 2011 to May 2016  Key Responsibilities: Presenting the Project Status detailing the ongoing activities at site, highlighting the issues that need intervention and suggesting possible solutions for the roadblocks to help the Director arrive at optimal decisions. • Preparing and managing a Control Sheet to track the status of assigned activity items with timelines for different departments- site operations, front office, legal and architecture. • Preparing reports on Sales Activities, Bookings, Collections and Project Cost for different phases of the Project. • Keeping customers updated about project status and their payment status through calls and email. • Conducting review of the different departments (Site Operations, Architecture, and Legal) and other stakeholders to ensure that the respective task deadlines are adhered to. • Supervising the Liasioning team appointed for pursuing project approvals from Govt. agencies.  Hardware Sales Manager  GATEWAY COMPUTER SOLUTIONS -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  October 2007 to November 2011  Key Responsibilities: • Generated leads through cold callings and through referrals. • Prepared tailored offerings and formal service proposals to potential corporate customers. • Operated as the lead point of contact for any and all matters specific to customer account. • Maintained excellent relatio nships with corporate clients through after sales support resulting in revenue generation through repeat business and AMC. • Translated Customers current and future problems into solutions available through Segments service    EDUCATION  BCom  Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University  SKILLS  Project Management, Sales Management, Sales Manager, Business Development, Sales
