Ritesh Tiwari To be an asset to the company and dedicate my self totally towards the growth and development of the organization.  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ritesh-Tiwari/ccd3080e9737fc96  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Thane, Maharashtra - Andheri, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Manager  Trimurti Realtors -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  April 2017 to Present  Manage Sales activity for Trimurti Realtors for Different Builder Projects. Principal relationship management. Team buildup and Leading a team.  Has to meet the prospect after the Initial qualification has been done till the closure of the sale. Managing the MIS of Trimurti Realtors.  Site Engineer  L&T Ltd.  Working on EPC project for execution of Tranformers, Power Line and Distribution system Managing the work force and various contractors. Create a daily work execution report.. Daily, Weekly and Monthly Site Planning for Execution of the project.  EDUCATION  b.tech  AKTU  SKILLS  MS Office,Excel,PPT,Emailer,Lead Generation (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Taking on intriguing new assignments, managing workforce, mobilizing and  maximizing resources. Key Account Management Ability to work in diversity, organizing work in line with enterprise objectives. Demonstrated abilities in devising marketing activities and accelerating the  business growth.  Customer focused and performance driven.   https://www.indeed.com/r/Ritesh-Tiwari/ccd3080e9737fc96?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN    Expertise in managing business operations with key focus on top line  profitability by ensuring optimal utilization of resources. Demonstrated abilities  in cementing healthy relationship with the clients for generating business and  leading workforce towards accomplishing business and corporate goals.  An effective communicator with excellent relationship building & interpersonal  skills. Strong analytical, problem solving & organizational abilities. Possess a  flexible & detail oriented attitude. 
