Sanjivv Dawalle Sales Manager - Quikr India Pvt Ltd  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sanjivv-Dawalle/ be6e06e14054819c  ➢ A creative and innovative professional with decade of extensive experience in marketing, brand building, revenue expansion, account relationship management with P & L responsibility. ➢ A keen strategist with expertise in managing entire operations with key focus on profitability by ensuring optimal utilization of resources. Attained proficiency in Business Development and Managing Business Operations.  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Thane, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Manager  Quikr India Pvt Ltd -  December 2015 to Present  Work profile and Responsibilities  ➢ Generate sales form B2B as well as B2C market and help them to generate the business leads into their respective category by registering them on Quikr.com portal. ➢ Looking after online sales of Quikr.com and selling various products i.e Banner advertisement, Ad sales and business lead generation. ➢ Assists in achieving the monthly, quarterly and annually revenue plan. ➢ Identify prospect and secure new business relationships, acquire new client and new segments to drive revenue. ➢ Planning and achieving sales growth month on month for the assigned region and category as per company objectives. ➢ Set objective goal for team members and monitor performance and product knowledge of each team members, also motivate them to achieve target. ➢ Do alliance with SME's for big business deals and ensuring market penetration. ➢ Use a systematic approach to solve customer problems and escalated delivery issues. Servicing and supporting the client as a part of post sales.  District Sales Manager  Getit Infoservices Pvt Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  June 2011 to December 2015  Work profile and Responsibilities:  ➢ Develop sales strategies for SME's & corporate clients through Print Media and online product through Google, SEO, SMO, web designing & Facebook. ➢ Drive Print and Digital advertising sales and revenue through the established and maintenance of a new and existing Corporate & SME client.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sanjivv-Dawalle/be6e06e14054819c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Sanjivv-Dawalle/be6e06e14054819c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Link between clients and the operations team. Keep a tab on the client requirements and act on the same. ➢ Ability to work autonomously with limited supervision without compromising work performance. ➢ To handle all initiatives in the specific segment and location. Generate new client base for corporate and SME segments. ➢ Conducting weekly meetings with the fresher's and sales executives and give them thorough product training and guide them to achieve their targets. ➢ Mapping and analyzing entire enterprise portfolio for the Mumbai region for Print - Getit Yellow pages, State directory, exhibitions catalog also for online- Google Adword, Facebook etc. ➢ Successfully achieved sales target given by the management.  Area Manager  Bracecorp Publications Pvt Ltd -  July 2009 to June 2011  Work profile and Responsibilities:  ➢ Involved in space selling for premier business magazines, IKC Year book and for trade show (India International Hardware Show) ➢ Coordinate with corporate clients, media agencies, production and print house for regular insertions and appropriate advertisement in magazines. ➢ Contribute sales strategy to achieve targets and generate ideas for revenue maximization for Maharashtra and M.P region. ➢ Handling the team operations for Maharashtra and M.P region. ➢ Forecasting monthly sales targets and executing them in a given time frame. Also ensuring timely collection of Payment. ➢ Interfacing with corporate clients and advertising agencies to maintain relations for ensuring continues and repeated business in each campaign. Planned by the company and thereby increase business & profitability. ➢ Responsible for coordinating between client (advertisers) and their media agency for suitable advertisement insertions in various magazines.  Area Sales Manager  Next Gen Publishing Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  October 2005 to June 2009  Work profile and Responsibilities:  ➢ New client acquisition and revenue generation through space selling for \"Forbes Yellow Pages\" and reporting to Branch Manager. ➢ Plan daily and weekly Sales cycle and schedule meetings accordingly. ➢ Handling the Team operations of Branch for the central Mumbai region. ➢ Selling space for Trade Directory \"Forbes Yellow Pages\" and generating revenues by collecting advertisements. ➢ Preparing Sales projection reports, daily reports, weekly reports and monthly.    ➢ Contribute Sales strategy to achieve Team Sales Targets and generate ideas for revenue maximization.  Sr. Sales Executive  Infocom Network Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  April 2002 to October 2005  Work profile and Responsibilities:  ➢ Revenue generation for the company through Space Selling of tradeindia.com (Online Portal) and reporting to Area Manager. ➢ Making Sales Calls to all the Manufacturers and Exporters. ➢ Preparing clients proposals, presentation. ➢ Contribute to sales strategy and generate ideas for revenue maximization. ➢ Maintain Strong relations with clients.  EDUCATION  B Com  Mumbai University  SKILLS  EXCEL (2 years), WORD (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Software Proficiency:  ➢ Internet, MS-Word, MS-Excel, MS-Power Point.
