Shridhar Shegunshi Self directed, energetic leader with ability to create successful outcomes in multicultural environment, guiding sizable cross functional teams to exceed sales budgets in Pharmaceuticals and Healthcare Industry in domestic and international Markets.  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shridhar- Shegunshi/13229c19e9a64508  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sr. Manager - International Sales  Meril Life Sciences Pvt. Ltd -  July 2015 to Present  Senior Manager in Meril Life sciences responsible for its business with 4 verticals viz; Cardio vascular, orthopedics, Endo surgery and ENT in South East Asia.  Leverage cross market experience to surpass sales goals, encompass new methods for Business development & achieve operational excellence in assigned geography.  Catalyze growth by augmenting customer relationships, focus on building brands, capturing market share and thereby maximizing productivity with optimum resources.  Drive the business in South East Asia with 8 direct reporting country heads and their team with predominant presence in Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam, Thailand and Myanmar.  Business Development Manager  Zydus Cadila Limited -  March 2013 to June 2015  Spearheaded operations with a team of 110 professionals in Gastro - Ortho segment; recorded continuous growth. Strengthened team's ability, instilled discipline to maximize returns from allocated resources leading to increased efficiency and rise in productivity.  Distinction in establishing healthy business relations with KOL's, clients & influential authorities in the interest of business and developing a strong customer base.  Instrumental in driving sales volume in excess of INR 400 Million with double digit growth.  IPCA Laboratories Limited -  December 2011 to February 2013  Merck Limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  https://www.indeed.com/r/Shridhar-Shegunshi/13229c19e9a64508?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Shridhar-Shegunshi/13229c19e9a64508?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   January 2010 to August 2011  Mumbai General Medicine  Regional Sales Manager  Novartis India Ltd -  January 2008 to December 2009  Novartis India Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  March 1996 to December 2009  Ortho, OB & GY, Cardio  Significant Accomplishments At Meril Life Sciences Pvt. Ltd. • Spearheading business in South East Asia in Cardio vascular, Orthopaedics, Endosurgery & ENT verticals. • Have authorized roles and delegated responsibilities to 8 direct reporting country heads and their team, predominantly in Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam, Thailand and Myanmar. • Drive business volumes in excess of INR 500 Million through innovative marketing initiatives, rapid account expansion & widening distribution network which resulted in doubling the volumes in 2 years. • Commenced business in 3 countries and started operations in the assigned geography with 3 new verticals. • Catalyzed growth (37% CAGR - internal) and Created momentum ensuing increase in market share by 8% in three years in competitive market space. • Augmented customer relationships, built domain expertise, maximized productivity with optimum resource allocation; attained growth in profits by trimming costs and delivered consistent ROI.  At ZydusCadila Limited, Mumbai • Achieved growth of 15% with record high volumes of INR 39 Cr. in 2014 where entire B.U grew by 8%. • Increased efficiency by optimizing resources, leading to a rise in productivity to 3.7L from 3.2L per person. • Played a vital role in engaging KOLs and KBLs for building brands with products in gastro & ortho segment amid blockbusters like; Pantodac, Tramazac, Thrombophob and Duonem. • Earned distinction for being No. 1 countrywide in sales for new products consistently over two years. • Trained and balanced the team to scale up the number of performers from 32 to 47 associates over 1 year. • Mentor individuals and developed leaders within the organisation. • Restructured and stabilised the team of 20 managers and 88 representatives and kept them motivated resulting to halving the attrition to 20% from 35%. At IPCA Laboratories Limited, Mumbai • Managed and developed sales for Cardio Diabetic products in chronic and anti-infective in acute care at Kazakhstan & Belarus generating revenue of INR 5.6Cr in the launch year itself.    • Expanded business in other geographies like Uzbekistan, Georgia & Armenia which generated revenue of INR 15 Lac in Q1-2012 • Formulated penetrative strategy, implemented aggressive pricing for hospitals and maintained premium at retail front by incentivising to customers and simultaneously engaging KOLs& KBLs. • Defined criteria and checks for both trade and hospital working for both separate & combined teams.  At Merck Limited, Mumbai • Led west zone with 8 managers and 56 representatives in the general medicine line of vitamins, antibiotics and Gynaecology segments achieving 14% growth with INR 19 Cr worth sales P.A • Launched and generated sales from Neurobion Plus & Ecobion for INR 1.25Cr and INR 0.30Cr contributing 30% & 17% to national sales respectively which was rated as the best launch by any zone in the B.U. • Facilitated training & development of the team to achieve operational excellence whereby awarded with Best Zone in the country with Sales Force Effectiveness metrics in 2010.  At Novartis India Limited, Mumbai • Directed sales in rest of Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh by restructuring the region to be accredited as largest and performing region. • Spearheaded the product range in Gynaecology & Anti-infective generating revenue of INR 18 Cr in 2009 achieving 103% of regional budget with a growth of 23%. • Awarded as Hall of Fame Winner twice consecutively in the years 2006 & 2007 • Accolades for Best Performance in Zone. • Ranked amongst the Top 10 National achievers consistently from 2002 - 2007. • Pivotal in team building and succession planning which lead to a drop in attrition and cost of hire. • Assisted in training new joiners and product management team to independently unveil strategies to the team during cycle meets.  Growth Path  Area Manager  Novartis India Ltd -  January 2002 to December 2007  Medical Representative  Novartis India Ltd -  March 1996 to December 2001  EDUCATION  Post Graduate Diploma - Marketing in Marketing Management  Institute of Management Development and Research -  Pune, Maharashtra  1998    Bachelor of Pharmacy in Pharmacy  Gulbarga University -  Gulbarga, Karnataka  1995  SKILLS  International Sales, Healthcare, Pharmaceuticals, Medical Devices  LINKS  http://www.linkedin.com/in/shridhar-shegunshi-b5789716  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Experience of 19 years in pharmaceutical industry & 3+ years with Medical Devices in sales and business development, strategic planning and building competencies in the system. Proficient in generating revenue, product penetration, and execution for achieving organizational goals. Adroit in managing large, geographically dispersed teams.  http://www.linkedin.com/in/shridhar-shegunshi-b5789716
