Pranav Samant Implant Trainee - Omkar Group Builders & Developers  Panvel, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Pranav-Samant/ce1e3fa94282251a  -  To secure an appropriate position, this will provide growth opportunities with effective utilization of my skills and experiences also the opportunity to learn more in professional atmosphere.  MAJOR STRENGTH:-  • An effective communicator possessing excellent presentation & soft skills with marketing and sales management, logical and problem-solving abilities with experience of more than 8 Years. • Recognized for successfully meet targets, proficiently formulating and implementing budgets, building high-performing teams and nurturing fruitful relationships with customers.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Implant Trainee  Omkar Group Builders & Developers -  February 2018 to Present  Sales Manager  Xrbia Developers Pvt. Ltd -  April 2017 to Present  RESPONSIBILITIES:-  ➢ Meet the customer and explain in brief the project details. ➢ Help the customer in booking flats/ shops - administrative procedure. ➢ Documentation of sales ➢ Responsible for assigned sales targets. (Monthly, Quarterly and Annually) ➢ Goals setting for month on month, maintaining relationship with target customers, ➢ Customer service, ensuring high rate of return on investment. ➢ Maintaining CDS stock as per norms, document collection, and provide daily updated data to AVP. Promoting the product & amp; encouraging the sales through various promotional offers promoting pales through visibility in my area. ➢ Regular follow up with the customers with CDS maintained ➢ Operating Internet, updating all records and documents in ERP ➢ Maintaining good relation with a client. ➢ Completing the documentation of sales with customers and maintaining potential customer database.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Pranav-Samant/ce1e3fa94282251a?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Completion of sales targets with CP Deals, NRI and HNI closers on maximum ratio. ➢ Delivering Sales and Product Training to the new joinee and PIP employees. ➢ Handling a team of 8 Sales Officers including 5 Executives and 3 Asst. Managers guiding them to a good closers and helping them in completion of the targets.  Asst. Sales Manager  Paradise Group Builders & Developers -  March 2017 to April 2017  Sr. Sales Executive  Fortune Infra Builders and Developers -  October 2011 to December 2015  EDUCATION  HSC  Maharashtra State Board  2013  Civil Engineering  Fr.Agnel's Polytechnic -  Vashi, MAHARASHTRA, IN  2011  SSC  Maharashtra State Board  2007
