AMIT DUBEY Deputy Manager - Bajaj Finance limited  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/AMIT-DUBEY/382595bce6d23507  Experience of 8 years in Sales & Marketing and Business Development. Currently associated with Bajaj finanace Ltd. in Mumbai as Deputy manager Exposure in increasing sales revenues, developing profitable business relationships, building an extensive client base, and market development. Understanding in charting out sales strategies and contributing towards enhancing business volumes & growth and achieving revenue and profitability norms. Abilities in developing & streamlining systems with proven ability to enhance operational/ administrative effectiveness and meet operational goals within the cost, time & quality parameters. Been proactive and focused as a student and professional. Possess excellent leadership, relationship management & analytical skills.  Employment Scan  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Varanasi City, Uttar Pradesh - Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh  WORK EXPERIENCE  Deputy Manager Sales  Bajaj Finance limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  May 2015 to Present  Reporting to: Area Sales Manager Product Handled: Lifestyle finance Key Deliverable  • Channel & Distributor Management: Establishing strong tie-ups with strong and reliable channel partners and covering Outlet's in most of Area's resulting in deeper market penetration and reach. Monitoring and motivating dealer's performances and implementing effective strategies. Handling logistics activities & Monitor overall budgets and ensure smooth functioning of business in given territory.  • Business Development: Executing the long term business directions of the region to ensure maximum profitability in line with organizational objectives. Exploring business potential, opportunities & clientele to secure profitable business volumes through constant analysis of the business  Significant Highlights: • Won Best Sales Person Award in HUL. • Successfully launched Pureit Marvella. • Initiated visit of sales representative to customers house every 15 days to improve customer satisfaction level • Received Sales Award.  https://www.indeed.com/r/AMIT-DUBEY/382595bce6d23507?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Sales Manager  Khaitan electrical limited -  August 2012 to April 2015  Reporting to: Area Sales Manager Product Handled: Fans Key Deliverable  • Channel & Distributor Management: Establishing strong tie-ups with strong and reliable channel partners and covering Outlet's in most of Area's resulting in deeper market penetration and reach. Monitoring and motivating dealer's performances and implementing effective strategies. Handling logistics activities & Monitor overall budgets and ensure smooth functioning of business in given territory.  Zonal sales officer  Hindustan Unilever Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  March 2009 to March 2011  Reporting to: Business Development Executive Product Handling: Water Purifier (Pureit) Key Deliverables:  • Handling: the North Mumbai territory (From Mira Road to Dahanu)  • Channel & Distributor Management: Establishing strong tie-ups with strong and reliable channel partners and covering Outlet's in most of Area's resulting in deeper market penetration and reach. Monitoring and motivating dealer's performances and implementing effective strategies. Handling logistics activities & Monitor overall budgets and ensure smooth functioning of business in given territory.  • Operational & Accountant: Looking forward through the Stock Material's of spare parts; Opening & closing stocks report; handling in & out Credit amount of the Distributor and Dealer (150 dealers)  EDUCATION  B.A  Poorvanchal University  2007
