Mayur Talele General Manager - Corporate Sales, PAN India - Inox leisure Ltd  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mayur- Talele/951def4b9c2e2e12  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  General Manager - Corporate Sales, PAN India  Inox leisure Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  September 2017 to Present  Significant Highlights: • Responsible for the Business Development of PAN India - Bulk Bookings and Gift Vouchers. • Doing Tie ups with the Organizations for long term relationships • Working on special project of NAT Geo promotion in India with Inox. • Setting up the yearly, Quarterly and Monthly plans - Zone Wise, Territory wise and Individual. • Managing/Motivating/Retaining Staff, Competition Tracking, Competition Price Benchmarking. • Preparing, Maintaining and adhering a Funnel report for achieving the targeted Sales Goal. • Working very closely with the Marketing Team and Operation Team for proper execution. • Streamlining and implementation of the internal processes.  Senior Manager  Bajaj Electricals Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  February 2014 to August 2017  Modern Trade and Institutions WEST India)  Significant Highlights: • Handling Institutions Sales for West India (Maharashtra/Gujarat/ MP & CG) • Handled Big-Bazaar, E-zone, Reliance, Vijay Sales, D-Mart, Star Bazaar, CROMA, MEC, Gas Channel and Institutions for Rest of Maharashtra (Pune and Nagpur Branch) • Product line responsible for Bajaj Appliances, Fans, Lighting and Morphy Richards. • Setting up the yearly, Quarterly and Monthly plans for the above said customers. • Proper forecasting of the product for timely availability of right product. • Responsible for Top line and the bottom line margins. • Execution of proper BTL activities at the store level. • Focusing on the secondary's happening store wise. • Managing and minimizing the Customer services if any with coordination with the Category Manager. • FREQUENT Training & Development to the staff. • Managing/Motivating/Retaining Staff, Competition Tracking, Competition Price Benchmarking.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mayur-Talele/951def4b9c2e2e12?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Mayur-Talele/951def4b9c2e2e12?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Preparing, Maintaining and adhering a Funnel report for Institutional sales.  Regional Sales & Merchandising Manager  Future Value Retail Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2008 to January 2014  Consumer Durables & Electronics)  Significant Highlights: • Handling Stores across Maharashtra & Madhya Pradesh. • Responsible for Sales and Merchandising for Electronics and Mobile. • Responsible for Top line as well as Bottom line. • Effective utilization of the Retail Space with maintaining Margins. • New store opening and setup. • Generating extra revenue through the Events and Brand Tie-ups. • Preparing proper assortment plan / Review of the same periodically. • Managing Obsolete / Ageing Stocks and Liquidation of the same. • Managing and minimizing the Damaged and Defective Stock. • New Product Introduction / Review of the Current Product Mix Periodically. • FREQUENT Training & Development. • Managing/Motivating/Retaining Staff. • Competition Tracking, Competition Price Benchmarking.  Area Sales Manager  Whirlpool of India Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  July 2006 to August 2008  Significant Highlights: • Steering the sales operations for the entire product line up of Refrigerator, Washing Machine, Micro Wave Oven, Air Conditioner, and Water Purifiers across the Pune Region. • Overseeing the Trade & constantly achieving the targets through effective management of the Sales Team comprising of 8 personnel. • Reviewing & monitoring outstanding, recovering overdue outstanding and motivating channel partners to operate on cash and carry basis. • Designing & implementing trade schemes to ameliorate the business revenue. • Imparting training to the Dealers and Demonstration Boys to keep them up to date about market. • Hold the distinction for growth of 50% in Nashik Territory. • Recognized through Well Done Awards 3 times for significant revenue generation in West Region. • Credit for clearing up all old concerns in the area and thereby, streamline with Zero Claims. • Mapped the market of Nashik and developed business in the same.  Sr. Executive Sales  Samsung India Electronics Private Ltd -  Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh -    September 2004 to July 2006  Significant Highlights: • Responsible for the sale of products like CTV, Refrigerator, Washing Machine, Micro Wave Oven, Audio, Home Theatre, Air Conditioner, Camcorder, Digital Camera, MP3 Yep Players. • Consistently achieving the budgeted value and volume targets for 6 districts. • Coordinating with the Service Department & Commercial Department on day to day basis to ensure prompt after sales service and serve the channel partners and customers better. • Hold the credit for expanding the Dealer and Distributor Network from 2 to 15 in number. • Played a key role in attaining a growth rate of 135% in the First Quarter. • Distinction of being rated as first 10 Best Sales Executive in the organization. • Generated a business worth Rs. 2 Crores in just a span of a month.  Sales Officer  Akai Consumer Electronics India Ltd -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  June 2003 to September 2004  Significant Highlights: • Handling the sales of CTV's, Refrigerators, Audios, Home Theatres across the whole of Vidharbha Region. • Facilitated the expansion of Dealer network in Nagpur as well as in the upcountry, where the dealer network was too weak. • Attained the highest ever sales in the assigned region.  EDUCATION  MBA in Marketing Management  Nagpur University -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  2003  B.Sc.  Nagpur University -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  2000
