Naveed Chaus MBA in retail and marketing management with 8 years of professional experience  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Naveed-Chaus/d304899a7c4faff3  ➢ I am an MBA graduate from MIT- B school, Pune with 8 years of substantial experience in sales & marketing, Team Management, channel development key account management, customer acquisition, corporate sale, Retail operations, Business development and inventory management  ➢ My strength lies in having a business acumen focusing on details, operational efficiency, execution excellence, building excellent teams to deliver, vendor management, and developing strong relationships with partners & vendors for the benefit of business and ensures results beyond expectations.  ➢ Leveraging in-depth knowledge of sales, retail operations, customer service and general management landscape to significantly increase revenue and operational efficiency. Strong sales management, vendor management, communication, interpersonal and customer service skills. Excellent team builder and motivator with superior work ethics, service delivery, operating methods, renewed marketing directions and incentive driven rewards for team achievement. Effective analyst and problems solver with ability to pre-empt issues with minimal negative impacts.  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Pune, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales & Operations  OLA CABS -ANI -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  February 2016 to Present  sales,vendor management, Mumbai.  Role: • Build up standard operating process and update productive schemes, products. • Created and developed new channels for acquisition and improved process around existing channels to improve funnel and conversions. (Ex. vendor channel, event team, referral program) • Achieve growth and hit sales target by successfully heading the sales team of 19 subordinate and responsible for inbound and/or outbound lead generation for new product sales to both new and existing customers. • Establish sales objectives by forecasting and developing monthly, quarterly, annual sales quotas for region and territories. Projecting expected sale volume and profit for existing and new products. • Closely monitor and interpret the competition activities and use the market information to fine tune future strategy • Manage various incentive compensation programs, created motivation plan design, organize events at out skirts  https://www.indeed.com/r/Naveed-Chaus/d304899a7c4faff3?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Meeting Sales Goals, Negotiation, Selling to Customer Needs, Motivation for Sales, Sales Planning, Building Relationships, Coaching, Managing Processes, Market Knowledge, Developing Budgets, Staffing. Etc. • B2B -corporate sale -vendor employment, vendor management and generate business through them. • Ensure to track, measure, report and evaluate vendor performance • Identify and implement continuously enhance efficiencies associated with vendor management plus produce fulfillment • Participate to formulate workflow processes, methods and policies for applying vendors.  Mumbai as Assistant Manager, Sales  MERU cabs company pvt.ltd -  MERU, JHARKHAND, IN -  April 2014 to February 2016  India's first and Largest Radio Taxi Service Providing Company) Role: • Overall responsibility of sales Department Mumbai and report to DGM of Mumbai. • Heading and motivating the entire sales team of 15 subordinate and responsible for looking after more than 2100 vehicles, focus to be make maximum cabs to be on road. • Determining individual and team sales goals, conducting daily and weekly sales meetings with sales staff and Allocating territories of overall Mumbai. • Track over inventory management and responsible to evaluate supply; prepare documentation, overall new vehicle and driver enrollment process. • Arranging for the induction and training off all new staff, chauffer's and service providers • Work effectively with internal support departments (Marketing, Professional Services, and Product Development) to develop effective sales strategies that promote sales to new and existing customers. • Compiling and analyzing sales and performance reports for DGM and General Manager. Involved in the development of marketing strategies for the company and overhauling internal sales procedures to increase conversions of leads. • Planning, implementing of sale brand new cabs, used cabs to chauffer's in an authentic schemes called QAC/Q-DCO • Responsibilities ranged from handling key clients including quality, customer service, dues recovery and day-to-day affairs of running operations throughout Mumbai. • Responsible for handling the administration affairs of the company and day-to-day activities related to drivers. • Meetings with vendors of tours and travels, convince them to attach their hatchback/sedan/ SUV cabs to company under the brand Meru Genie and Meru Flexi  Highlight: • CEO excellence award for the year 2014. • Team excellence award for the year 2015 • Promoted as Quality Manager through IJP Company Policy.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Assistant Sales Manager  HDFC- Life -  Latur, Maharashtra -    July 2013 to February 2014  Role: • Building strong team of FC, prepare them for the IRDA examination. • Train FC effectively and make them able to understand, identify customer needs and explain about different insurance product accordingly. • Proficiency in generating new customers with sourcing business from various channels such as referred leads, cold calls & data collection. • Ensuring every FC qualify for each months contest and earn reward beyond his expectations. • Supporting the Reporting Manager for promotional activities, campaigning and seminar presentations • Generating the business through FC, tracking on all, FC daily sales report, call records, Updating sales diary, DSR and MIS on daily basis • Scheduling FC meets for product; contest and reviewing updates of every FC. • Planning and scheduling individual /team targets to achieve preset goals within time, quality and cost parameters.  Highlights: • Qualified for Dec '13 contest by achieving 100+ Targets • Rewarded by Rey-Ban glasses for better recruitment • Award of excellence for outstanding campaigning  Store Manager  Next Retail India Ltd -  Thane, Maharashtra -  February 2012 to July 2013  Thane) Role: • Lead & directed a team of 36 members in Store, Handled three store COCO for the Aurangabad region- Nanded and Latur • Managed the store of 10200 sq ft. at Korum Mall (it is flagship store), Thane • Coordinated with Branch Supply Chain Management Team to ensure the supply of merchandise to store and to customers from the warehouse as per the demand& within time framework. • Leading, training & monitoring the performance of team members to ensure efficiency in sales operation and meeting individual and organizational targets ; assuring smooth daily retail store operations • Handling shop -floor interactions with customers for effective resolution of grievances and obtain feedback • Maximizing customer satisfaction matrices by providing pre & post sale assistance and achieving delivery and service quality norms. • Guiding team for store presentation, stacking, window display, singes, hand-outs and packaging • Oversee the continuous catchments and competition analysis in terms of price and range benchmarking • Responsible for P&L, budgeting, allocation and last mile resource utilization with focus on productivity and efficacy, process adherence. Highlight: • Received Appreciation Certificate for 100% achievement for consecutive 4months (Latur store) • Achieved 157% of the target in Festival Season in 2011    • Received promotion twice along increment in CTC by achieving overall targets and meeting expected performance • Qualified for trip to Dubai in April '12 contest launched by Videocon Brand by achieving 100+ Targets  PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE  Area Controller  Next Retail India Ltd -  Aurangabad, Maharashtra -  July 2011 to February 2012  Store Manager  Aurangabad, Maharashtra -  August 2010 to July 2011  Sales Coordinator  Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Ltd., Latur as Sales Coordinator -  Latur, Maharashtra -  December 2004 to October 2007  worked as sales coordinator  Sales Coordinator  Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Ltd -  Latur, Maharashtra -  December 2004 to October 2007  Highlight: Bagged grade \"A\" for assigned area as per the survey MKCL for excellent performance in Mar '05  EDUCATION  Doctorate in management studies  Eminent institute of Management & Technology  2014  MBA in Business Management & Marketing Management  MIT College of Management -  Pune, Maharashtra  2010  B.Sc. in Computer Science  Swami Ramanandteerth Marathwada University -  Nanded, Maharashtra    2008  SKILLS  MS office (8 years), OPERATIONS (8 years), vendor management, retail sales, Channel Sales, team management  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  PROFILE SUMMARY  〓 I am an MBA graduate from MIT- B school, Pune with 8 years of substantial experience in sales & marketing, Team Management, channel development key account management, customer acquisition, corporate sale, Retail operations, Business development and inventory management   〓 My strength lies in having a business acumen focusing on details, operational efficiency, execution excellence, building excellent teams to deliver, vendor management, and developing strong relationships with partners & vendors for the benefit of business and ensures results beyond expectations.  〓 Leveraging in-depth knowledge of sales, retail operations, customer service and general management landscape to significantly increase revenue and operational efficiency. Strong sales management, vendor management, communication, interpersonal and customer service skills. Excellent team builder and motivator with superior work ethics, service delivery, operating methods, renewed marketing directions and incentive driven rewards for team achievement. Effective analyst and problems solver with ability to pre-empt issues with minimal negative impacts.  CORE COMPETENCIES   • Designing & implementing sales plans and new product concepts to generate increased sales for achievement of revenue targets • Establishing new stores from scratch through props to enhance store display, stocks, visual merchandising, etc. • Maximizing customer satisfaction level by on time delivery, monitoring customer complaints and providing efficient services  • Interfacing with cross-functional departments for drafting procurement plans of various products; handling budget and planning the funds for procurement & sourcing of materials  • Handling marketing operations for achieving increased growth and profitability; initiating market development techniques
