Rohit Chachad Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rohit-Chachad/164fff9838407667  WORK EXPERIENCE  Manager - Sales & Marketing  -  September 2011 to Present  Responsibilities and contributions  ➲ Commercial Area: • Meet the needs of different clients (international clients) make offers and quotations of home products and present according to new trends and requirements of each customer depending on the product requirements. • Develop new customers in European and African markets. • Deliver comprehensive and accurate quotes through work with sales assistants and clients. • Arranging client visit with manufacturers and explaining the Export procedure. • Build good rapport with Manufacturers for Export Sales. • Establishing new, and maintaining existing, relationships with customers. • Negotiating and closing sales by agreeing terms and conditions. • Identify key areas for improvements by conducting cost and profit analysis. • Coordinate and track all samples and goods sent to the clients. • Create instruction sheets for products that it requires according to market demands.  ➲ Export Area: • Receive customer purchase order and negotiate delivery times, according to customer's requirement and the production capacity of the factories, the main term of FOB/CIF negotiation. • Create more numbers for each purchase order and generate instructions for product labeling and master boxes. • Perform complete follow-up for both exports and for the international sales, from the purchase order is received until the product is delivered to the customer, including the payment of advances or Letter of Credit. • Keep track of invoices and prepare reports to expedite the billing process. • To ensure that shipments are in compliance with the laws and regulations governing the export industry.  Asst. Manager -Procurement  MAHINDRA FIRST CHOICE WHEELS Ltd -  May 2009 to July 2011  Responsibilities and contributions  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rohit-Chachad/164fff9838407667?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Assist the manager in organizing, planning and implementing strategy. Handling team of four Executives for procurement of vehicles from various sources. Identifying prospective clients by extensive study of market trends and demand & supply analysis and mapping requirements adding to business growth. Market research on pricings to analyze & assess market potential and the ongoing trends, tracking competitor activities for providing valuable inputs to fine-tune selling & Setting monthly targets with the team. To generate leads through Corporate company's Organize and maintain computerized records containing vendor and bid information. Assistance with the preparation of Request for Quotation, Initiations to Bid, Requests for Proposal and co-ordination of their timely dispatch. Coordination with Car manufacturer's, Leasing companies, and Taxi operating company for bulk procurement. Coordinate and schedule meetings and appointments as requested, respond to inquiries which do not require the personal attention of the Procurement Specialist. To keep track of all proper documents as per the files of vehicles purchased. Keep track of daily report on basis of evaluation & conversion of vehicles & prepare MIS for whole month.  Procurement Executive  MAHINDRA FIRST CHOICE -  June 2007 to April 2009  Responsibilities and contributions  To study market potential, competitors, Target segment & accordingly setting up Monthly targets. To generate leads through Internet & SMS. To keep track of all proper documents as per the files of vehicles purchased. To do regular follow-up with the customers. To prepare daily report on basis of evaluation & conversion of vehicles & prepare MIS for whole month. To discuss productivity on weekly basis with higher authority. Attending training programs & review meetings every month. Report generation on procurement activities & analyzing the same for better performance. Attended training program of two days in Procurement.  Service Advisor  TOYOTA LAKOZY Auto Pvt. Ltd -  June 2006 to May 2007  Body & Paint)  Responsibilities and contributions  Handling accident repair jobs. Job card opening & closing.    Giving proper estimation and submitting the claim papers to the insurance company. Handling Insurance claims & getting the survey done. Job allocations to the Technicians. Controlling Maintenance & Repair, Paint vehicles. To understand customers problems & try to give perfect solution. Work shop supervision & final inspection of the vehicles. To prepare internal reports on daily inventory of vehicles & reporting to service manager.  Training Graph Worked as trainee technician in SPECTRA MOTORS (MARUTI SUZUKI) for two months.  Worked as trainee technician in petrol & diesel generators for KING'S TECHNOLOGIES for six months.  EDUCATION  Diploma in Automobil Engineering  Dnyaneshwar Vidyapeeth -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2003 to 2006  High School Certificate in Examination  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2001 to 2002  SKILLS  PROCUREMENT (4 years), PATIENCE (Less than 1 year), SELF-STARTER (Less than 1 year), TEAM PLAYER (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Competencies:  Able to uphold and respect procurement ethics and to conduct activities with integrity. A team player who demonstrates patience, flexibity and honesty. Be willing and able to meet tight deadlines and work long hours when required. A self-starter, who is able to plan and manage his own work, takes initiatives and strives to meet deadlines. Be able to work in a multicultural environment. For the right opportunity I am definitely willing to relocate.  Strengths: Confident/Optimistic/Proactive/Good Communication.
