Irfan Ansari Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Irfan- Ansari/88b932850f7993e6  To learn and cope with new skills and to be a part of a competitive organization that gives me ample scope to acquire and apply my skills.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Territory Sales Manager  HD Printers India Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  June 2017 to Present  Building the business with in the territory using a variety of sales technique. ❖ Arranging meetings with potential customers and selling product offering. ❖ Cold calling companies with in the territory and establishing needs. ❖ Networking with businesses in the territory and building relationship. ❖ Attending relevant industry events and conference to build business.  Senior Executive  Onicra Credit Rating Agency of India Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  March 2016 to November 2016  Identifying new market and business opportunities and arranging meetings with potential customers. ❖ Negotiating the term of an agreement with a view to closing sales. ❖ Presenting the product or services favorably and in structured professional way to face to face. ❖ Cold calling to arrange meetings with potential customers to prospect for new business. ❖ Gathering market and customer information.  Sales Executive  Max Erectors (India) Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  February 2014 to March 2016  Create day to day activities. ❖ Proposed discountedflat.com system to builder. ❖ Maintaining records and pipeline. ❖ Prepare and deliver appropriate presentations on product/services. ❖ Responding to incoming email and phone enquiries.  Sales Executive  Sara Motor -  Azamgarh, Uttar Pradesh -  https://www.indeed.com/r/Irfan-Ansari/88b932850f7993e6?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Irfan-Ansari/88b932850f7993e6?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   June 2012 to July 2013  Greet customers. ❖ Attending customer, help in support and service activities. ❖ Advices customers by providing information on products. ❖ Listening to customer requirements and presenting appropriately to make a sale. ❖ Helps customer make selections by building customer confidence.  EDUCATION  MBA in (marketing) SIMMC  Pune University -  Pune, Maharashtra  2015  B.COM  C M J University Meghalaya  2012  SKILLS  Proactive (Less than 1 year), SELF MOTIVATED (Less than 1 year), team player (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Relevant Skills  ❖ Highly motivated individual and team player with excellent communication, interpersonal skills. ❖ Proactive in taking up new challenges and passion to learn. ❖ Ability to interface with Top level Customer Executives ❖ Analyzing and understanding project scope and objectives ❖ Negotiation & Decision Making skills
