Laveline Soans Sales Head-Pan India - Kanchan International Ltd  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Laveline- Soans/2f012e6d66004bc2  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Head-Pan India  Kanchan International Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  2018 to Present  Orissa, Jharkhand, Bihar AP & Karnataka in two months. • Placement done on 115 outlets in Orissa plan to cover 500 plus outlets in next two months. • Appointed distributor in Orissa and already line up distribution in Bihar, Jharkhand & M.P this month.  Sales Head-Pan India  Goa Medicare Devices Pvt Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  2017 to 2018  Based In Mumbai Profile: Distribution Setup for Personal Care Product Startup Company.  Responsibilities: • Generate leads for the company thru new avenue for business. • Task of launching FIGMENT brand in Pan India location. • Tracing competitor's activities • Generating revenue and maintain costing. • Exploring new markets and enhancing sales in the present areas.  Achievements: • Generated leads in Maharashtra, M.P, Goa& Karnataka in first month of launch. • Placement of FIGMENT stocks in 1508 retailer outlets in 50 days of product launch. • Appointed distributor in Goa, Maharashtra, & M.P.  Sr.Manager  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  2013 to 2017  Mumbai Profile: Handling business of HUL & ITC with Turnover of 100cr/Annum.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Laveline-Soans/2f012e6d66004bc2?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Laveline-Soans/2f012e6d66004bc2?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Responsibilities: • Generating revenue and maintain costing. • Training, staffing, coordination and communication. • Relationship marketing & enhancing the productive dealer base. • Meeting sales target and collection target. • Tracing competitor's activities. • Maintaining low overdue and collection period. • Redistribution managements through sub-dealers network management. • Exploring new markets and enhancing sales in the present areas. • Maintain stocks as per the daily requirements • Monitoring & preparing claims data. • Handling both company as well as ground staff. • Damage & shortage stocks to be managed. • Dealer Network Management  Achievements: Received Award for achieving fastest growth in food & beverages segment for ITC in the year 2015-16.  Received Award for best distributor in HUL for width & depth sales in the year 2014-15.  Our four salesmen have been awarded for best performance in launch packs in west zone cluster.  Bagged award for best Distributor at HUL in Deo segment for the month of April 2016. achieving 400% against the given set targets.  Awarded with title \"Golden Distributor\" category of ITC for the year 2014-15  Distribution Manager  Reliance Communication Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  2008 to 2013  Profile: Handling Navi Mumbai Prepaid Business with Turnover of 40cr/annum.  Responsibilities: Maintain field force of 42 people with daily day to day works and also get work done of Acquisition target achievements, Primary target of handset of distributors, Retailers & Towns Projection of sales, competitor analysis, Maintain treasury sales of Distributors, Launching Promotional Scheme town wise, Distributors Development Monitoring Productive of Retailer Base, Daily review with FOS, Regular market visit with FOS, CAF entry of Distributor maintained daily basis, Revenue targets to be monitored on day to day basis.  Achievements: •Achieved sales target on a continuous basis, Meeting Revenue target on month basis, Maintained market share by 23% of Reliance in the region after facing huge competition with GSM, Also launch Hello (Landline Phone), Data card in the market. Even my contribution towards    my cluster I am able to Maintain 40% in all parameter (Acquisition, Revenue unique retail base & Handsets)  Area Manager  Branch Incharge -  2003 to 2008  Responsibilities: • Sales: Sales target achievements, sales analysis of distributors, Dealers & Towns Projection of sales, competitor analysis, Dealer Productivity & Nil Lifter, Promotional Scheme, Distributors Development (width/depth), Monitoring Productive Dealer Base. • Service: Monitoring service in charges of all product categories on weekly basis and make review meeting of all service executive on quarterly.  Achievements: •Achieved sales target on a continuous basis. •Able to Establish Luminous Appliances, Inverter Batteries & auto battery first time in M.P. as company had introduced the same in the year 2004. •Generated revenue of Rs12 Lakh from that service center with in three months of its establishment. • Won All India Branch in charge Missouri trips scheme in Jan 05 for significant sales in the year 2004.  Sales  Product In -  1999 to 2003  Sales target achievements, sales analysis Top 25 towns & Top 25 Dealers, Projection of sales, competitor analysis, Dealer Productivity & Nil Lifter, Promotional Scheme, Distribution Development (width/depth), Monitoring Productive Dealer Base. • Financial: Accounts receivable management, over dues analysis, age wise over dues, profitability analysis and collection periods. • Inventory Management: Division forecast of sales, slow moving stock, absolutes stocks, current assets management, and dealer wise/model wise analysis of stocks.  Achievements: • Achieved sales target on a continuous basis. • Maintained A/c of dealers in controlled manner. • Won All India by month contest for maximum sales in exhaust fans. • Implemented & innovative promotional schemes for both customers and dealers. • Review of sales performance of division monthly basis.  Sales Executive  Electric Fans -  1994 to 1999    Responsibilities: • Dealer Network Management. • Relationship marketing & enhancing the productive dealer base. • Meeting sales target and collection target. • Tracing competitor's activities. • Maintaining low overdue and collection period. • Redistribution managements through sub-dealers network management. • Exploring new markets and enhancing sales in the present areas.  Achievements: • Winner of All India Sales Executives contest (Golden Club) for three years in 1996, 1997 and 1999. • Achieved sales targets continuously. • Maintained low over dues and over dues as % of turnovers. • Appointed maximum dealers in a quarter 97 to win productive dealer contest. • Made inroads into best holdouts in the town which are now assets to the company. • Started the innovative concept of selling fans through utensils/thermoware counters to enhance the visibility.  Miscellaneous: - (A) Date of Birth 26th March 1972. (B) Married and having two lovely daughters.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Administration  Bhopal School of Social Science -  Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh  1993  SKILLS  Channel Sales
