Shaikh Ansar Sales Manager in FMCG  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shaikh-Ansar/bc1a253dcfeb5672  Career Profile & Career Objective Sales professional with more than 9 years combined experience in sales and marketing roles for the FMCG Industry. Skilled in leading sales teams to penetrate new markets with latest FMCG products to achieve sales goals. Objective Managerial position in Sales and Marketing wherein education, experience and skills can be efficiently utilized to increase the sales volume and profitability of the firm. Build a strong distribution network for achieving greater market development by fulfilling the following underlying functions: Leading sales teams to achieve sales objectives. Identifying potential customers in the market. Comparing products and their substitutes based on a range of criteria. Managing the firm’s sales budget and costs – Estimating costs involved  EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND   Professional:  Master of Business Administration, specialisation in Marketing from Pune University in 2009.  Academic: Bachelor of Computer Science (IT) with 78% from Dr.BAMU University, Aurangabad in 2006.  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Operating System : Windows […] MS-DOS, Basic Software knowledge (C, C++, Java, V.B.) Database : MS- Access Others : MS-Office, Internet, SAP, ORACLE.  ACCOMPLISHMENTS  Lead weekly trade meeting providing feedback and defining action plans  Understand market and customer dynamics related to the channel, product and brand in order to develop improvement in ROI performance vs. target and customer experience to exceed agreed KPIS  Optimized the sales volume and profitability of new product, planned budgets and presented sales forecasts and figures for new ranges and controlled stock levels based on forecasts.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  https://www.indeed.com/r/Shaikh-Ansar/bc1a253dcfeb5672?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   WORK EXPERIENCE  Export Manager  Arham Impex -  Aurangabad, Maharashtra -  December 2014 to July 2018  The basic & the most important step is to identify new business opportunities by tapping the potential customers from different countries. ● To plan,design,develop and implement different sales activities by researching the customer’s needs and requirements. ● To make sure that the existing clients are retained and maintained while developing the new customers. ● To ensure that all the Sales and Marketing activities are carried out within the agreed budgets volume Sales and within the given time scales. ● To take initiative and efforts to develop constructive and effective solutions to any issues that slow down or hamper the export procedures and activities. ● To constantly review distributors performance and monitor their work, so that relevant information can be provided to the management. ● Attend the meeting with other companies to negotiate, so that they assist in the overall growth and development of the business organization. ● Carry out market research, conduct surveys and study the competitors and their market and Sales strategies. ● Actively participate in the training sessions to improve knowledge and skills. ● Attend trade shows and exhibitions. Make suggestions to improve the product based on the feedback received from the customers . ● Train & Mentor sales representatives and create awareness about the products in the target countries by conducting advertising & marketing campaigns.  Sales Manager  Qatar National Import & Export -  Doha, US -  August 2010 to November 2014  Combine marketing,advertising & sales skills to promote company’s product and services .Informing customers about the services or goods that company offers. ● Review information about market trends and use that information to recommend for business decisions .work closely with marketing & sales staff in their duties. ● Coordinating and executing company brand promotion activities. ● Identify innovative business building ideas to increase business prospects. ● Assist in developing promotional strategies for brand awareness and profitability . ● Provide assistance in developing brand positioning & communication strategies . ● Manage consumer & trade promotional activities & marketing events.    ● Manage cross functional teams to execute project within assigned timelines and budgets. ● Support Marketing manager to introduce new products in the market . ● Track Marketing parameters such as pricing,distribution ,and POSM to assist in better pertaining and brand optimization of company product . ● Assist in developing annual business plan for profitable company growth. ● Work with other business units to execute business plans to meet revenue targets. ● Analyze competitor performance and market trends to provide recommendations for brand development. ● Monitor and control budgets expense within allotted budget. ● Preparing all required reports related to sales,marketing feedback,sales campaign and team territory management activities .  Marketing Executive  Glass Ideas (I) Pvt. Ltd -  June 2009 to August 2010  • Analyzing the market, including competitors and consumers • Executing marketing strategies and campaigns • Monitoring and arranging the distribution of promotional materials • Monitoring and coordinating the production of promotional materials • Overseeing and implementing product distribution • Attending and organizing sales promotional events and exhibitions • Coordinating with and reporting to managers to carry out campaigns • Acting as liaisons between the media, suppliers, and clients  Sales Executive  Tata Sky Ltd (Nashik) -  August 2007 to 2009  • Generating business from existing accounts and achieving profitability increased growth with market share analysis. • Analysis marketing trends and tracking competitors activities and providing valuable inputs • Launched new product into the marketplace to replace an existing product • Monitoring Channel Sales and Marketing Activities, implementing effective strategies to maximize sales, accomplish revenue & Collection targets • Maintaining relations with retailers, business associates & Counter Sales man Interacting with retailer and counter salesman regarding product promotion • Managing and maintaining relationships with clients by providing them with best of Services  EDUCATION  Master of Business Administration M in Marketing  University of Pune -  Nashik, Maharashtra  January 2007 to January 2009    Bachelor of Computer Science  Dr.BAMU University  2006  High School  2000  SKILLS  Microsoft Office (10+ years), SAP (5 years)  LINKS  https://www.linkedin.com/mwlite/me  https://www.linkedin.com/mwlite/me
