Sougata Goswami Senior Retail & Corporate Banker  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sougata- Goswami/90354273928f45f1  Defining * Decision Making * Executive Leadership  Functional * Business Development /Sales Management * Requirement Mapping * Key Account Management * Channel Management * Brand Management * Promotions & launches * CRM  WORK EXPERIENCE  Chief Executive Officer (CEO)  Ramuka Capital Markets Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  July 2018 to Present  Ä Formulation of overall strategy on Business, IT systems, Product policies, Risk, Audit, Processes, Governance, HR and partnership management. Ä Setting up Complete Risk Management Parameters, Governance, Audit and Monitoring Mechanisms Ä Monitoring progressions basis milestones for completion of various stages of development of the organization. Ä Monitoring of key business goals and financial parameters by driving key organizational initiatives. Giving recommendations on annual budget for board approval & developing long term and mid-term business plan for the organization along with managing organization's resources within the budget guidelines. Ä Formulating Complete Business, Process and Technological model for creating right ecosystem to develop diffentiated Fintech Model and implementation of various analytical tools for right & informed decision making. Ä Looking after balance capital requirements & returns to boost the business division valuation and market capitalization in the long term, by working closely with the Board of Directors. Ä Ensuring long-term value creation by making necessary organizational changes to benefit from changing market and regulatory trend. Ä Enabling the Board to fulfill its governance functions; giving guidance / suggestions to CFO / Business Heads / Vertical Heads for delivery of compliance, review performance and frame policies.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sougata-Goswami/90354273928f45f1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Sougata-Goswami/90354273928f45f1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Ä Key Contributor in the Assets Liability Committee / Risk Management Committee / Management Committee & CSR Committee. Ä Involved in engaging & managing Regulators, RBI / Statutory Auditors / Internal Auditors / Rating Agency's and ensuring adherence to all statutory requirements as per Companies Act / Income Tax Act. Ä Lead the Talent Committee and providing overall direction to the employer value proposition & various talent management activities; leading & guiding the team in building operational excellence in all spheres of activities, review and introduce the desired systems and processes. Ä Facilitating all large scale interventions, organization change, management and culture building initiatives with senior team; aligning with corporate for rolling out policies & procedures from time to time.  Business Head -Mortgages, Corporate Finance & Distribution Business  FEDBANK FINANCIAL SERVICES LTD -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  August 2016 to July 2018  • Complete P&L responsibility for Wholesale Business (Corporate Lending & Structured Finance portfolio) and Retail Business (Mortgages) . Under my leadership Retail business has grown over ~40% YOY with significantly lower NPA ratio and have wholesale lending grown over ~75% with NIL NPA. • Responsible for conceptualizing and implementing strategic plan to steer top line and Profitability of Mortgages, Corporate & Structured Finance and Distribution businesses (Retail Assets- HL/ LAP/ PL & AL) . Conceptualized and made business plan for entry of Fedfina in Corporate Finance segment by taken necessary approvals from Board to start the business. • Turned around Fedfina' s Distribution Business of Retail products (HL/LAP/PL & AL) and also incubated Corporate Finance business to upscale the value chain. • Created a transparent & performance based culture in the business groups by modifying organizational structure with respect to teams and key result areas to scale the productivity and profitability and ensuring right enablers for business growth. Ensure reduction of attrition of talent significantly. Synergized various business models and working on alternative mode of sourcing to ensure effective delivery and reduction in cost. Effective planning & implementation of PPC to ensure deep engagement of the client. • Played critical role in identifying the segment of operation with right product range contributing to business growth, streamlining & re-designing the process for smooth flow of the proposals and creating an healthy environment for collaborative and consultative approach between the teams so as to ensure that each member of Fedfina is tuned towards taking the right decision in the interest of the organization over their respective roles. • In the changing macro environment, taken lead to understand competitive landscape and market dynamics and create new / optimize existing product offerings. Drive and Implement PAN India business strategy for Mortgages, Corporate Finance & Distribution business to deliver growth. Explore and identify new sourcing channels to increase cross sell penetration rates. • Created a comprehensive Compliance framework of operation, Channel Management, training & development of the teams for multiple products cross sell model. • Conducted regular and detailed business reviews with team of NSM's/ ZSM's/ RSM's & KAM, to ensure business strategies are executed in line with the plan. Created comprehensive framework to build a Performance based open culture. Responsible for the quality of business    acquired/portfolio, work closely with risk & credit/ Collection teams to take necessary corrective actions and pro-active portfolio management. • Lead Fedfina's Alliances with various business partners to create additional revenue generations. • Drive the delivery of a customer-centric, relationship building approach to promote cross-sell of both business and personal products and services to business owners. Drive up customer satisfaction and oversee the delivery of a positive customer experience by effectively meeting and exceeding expectations through effective delegation. • Focus on customer retention, in particular high value customers, by executing a consistent and effective client contact strategy. Contributed significantly for building up Customer & Trade Service Desk for better monitoring and client service experience  AVP - Mortgages - South  ADITYA BIRLA FINANCE LTD -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  March 2012 to July 2016  and led the start up Business Division of Mortgage by creating the distribution network and identifying marketing and distribution synergies to ensure flow of business. Had also set up Commercial Real Estate Business and was responsible to lending to Real Estate Business (Residential/ Commercial & Structured Requirements) • Created strong Distribution network in Retail Mortgage Business in my Region to cater to every segment of the potential clients and also created alternative Distribution viz. IPC's, Investment Bankers, Venture Capitalists, Chartered Accountants and others for Referral Business. • Have created the Brand Value of ABFL - Mortgage (Being a Start Up Mortgage Lender) in the market with by creating proper visibility and Marketing Activities. Currently has strong Brand Recall in the region for Corporate & Retail Mortgage Lender • Led a team of (Retail Mortgage & Commercial Real Estate) Branch Managers, BDM's & RM's to create strong & profitable portfolio with NIL Delinquency. The region is the best portfolio quality region in the country. One of the locations in my region is among top three locations in the country in terms of Portfolio size and as a region my region is the top productive region in the country in terms of per head contribution per annum. • Created strong relationship with Developers and Medium to Large Corporate for delivering top line growth and strong bottom line in the lending business of Loan Against Properties, Commercial Purchases, Loan Against Rentals (Retail and High Ticket), and Asset Based Structured Finance etc. • I am also the decision makers for Retail Mortgage Proposals at Regional Credit Committee level. Also responsible for ensuring for key role in terms of Policies and Process improvement programmes for Mortgage Business in terms of various inputs / suggestion provided time to time for betterment of products and seamless process flow. • Responsible for ensuring end to end process right from sourcing to preparation of Proposals/ presentation to Committee for discussion and decisions, and also ensuring closures of the deals profitably.  Area Sales Manager - Business Banking Mortgages  HDFC BANK LTD -  June 2010 to February 2012    • Drafting Localised business policies for ensuring accomplishment of business target; leading, training & guiding team; managing business from other Bank Channels viz. Home Loans, Merchant Acquisition, Phone Banking and other channels. • Handling business from Corporate Channels viz. Karvy Financials, Future Money, T S Mahalingam, Destimoney, Angel Financials, India Finsol etc. • Responsible for selection & recruitment of Sales Managers and Channel Partners across Karnataka. • Played key role in restructuring of Policies & Process for Channel Business and Training of Channel Resource. • Focused on generating additional revenue for Bank through generation of business of CASA, Insurance. Over achieving the budgets in the process. • Instrumental in developing Product Variant viz FCNR Based Mortgage funding and various Policy & Process modifications etc. • Created a mortgages portfolio of over 500 Crs at HDFC Bank with NIL delinquency.  Area Sales Manager - Business Banking Mortgages  Bank Channels -  Warangal, Telangana -  November 2007 to May 2010  Tirupati.  Manager  Business Banking Mortgages -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  August 2006 to October 2007  • Managing the business of Mortgage division with primary responsibilities towards accomplishment of target, recruitment, training & supervision of sales team. • Distinction of establishing separate chain of channel partners to create the penetration & reach in the market. • Played key role in structuring of the loan proposal to match customers' requirement within the framework of organization policies. • Overachieved budgets in cross selling of other bank products viz. Fixed Deposits, CASA, and Credit Cards, etc. for generating additional revenue. • Top Performer Pan India in Cross Selling of Fixed Deposits  Branch Sales Manager- Home Loans  ICICI BANK LTD -  Ranchi, Jharkhand -  April 2005 to August 2006  • Member of 5S Council, successfully implemented process and control of reducing TAT (Turn Around Time) for providing high quality Sales & Service standard for customers. • Achieved a growth of 70% YTD growth and annual achievement is 150% of the Annual Budget. • Spearheading business development activities across 3 Districts (Dhanbad, Bokaro in Jharkhand & Purulia in West Bengal) ; managing activities pertaining to recruitment & training of sales team.    • Instrumental in achieving the growth of 50% YTD growth with proper Product Mix of Home Loan, Office Premises Loan & Home Equity Loan portfolio. • Increased distribution network for Franchisee to the tune of 80% and Executives to the tune of 100% to cater market. • Handling recruitment & training of sales team regarding Product, Policies, Process, Legal & Technical aspects of business; developing relationship with new & existing customers & channel partners. • Have initiated Advertisement Campaign, Banner Campaign, Pamphlets Distributions, E-Mail & SMS campaign to increase visibility of the product. • Started operations in nearby markets viz. Ramgarh.  Branch Sales Manager  Home Loans/ Mortgage -  Dhanbad, Jharkhand -  September 2004 to March 2005  Member of 5S Council, successfully implemented process and control of reducing TAT (Turn Around Time) for providing high quality Sales & Service standard for customers. • Instrumental in achieving the growth of 50% YTD growth with proper Product Mix of Home Loan, Office Premises Loan & Home Equity Loan portfolio. • Increased distribution network for Franchisee to the tune of 80% and Executives to the tune of 100% to cater market. • Have initiated Advertisement Campaign, Banner Campaign, Pamphlets Distributions, E-Mail & SMS campaign to increase visibility of the product. • Spearheading business development activities across 3 Districts (Dhanbad, Bokaro in Jharkhand & Purulia in WB) ; managing activities pertaining to recruitment & training of sales team.  Area Business Manager  ASTRAZENECA PHARMA (INDIA) LTD -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  April 2003 to April 2004  • Steering business development activities across 12 Eastern states in India, Nepal & Bhutan. • Managing 3 different therapy divisions i.e. Oncology, Critical Care & Maternal Health Care. • Leading and supervising a team of 8 Territory Business Managers across three divisions. • Played as a core Member to formulate institutional business strategy for the organisation. • Distinction of generating the business revenue of Rs. 6.93 Crores (0.693 Million) with an annual achievement of 135% of budget & YTD growth of 53%. • Successfully turned around the business in Eastern India with healthy & consistent performance from all Regions & Nepal & Bhutan. • Increased distribution network in terms of dealers to the tune of 28% and introduced Direct to Hospital for Critical High value products which has significantly contributed in terms of Volume and Non competition zone for the products. • CME's, Conferences, Key Opinion Leader meet done to create favourable Brand impact. • Two-times winner of MD's Circle of Excellence Award (Highest Award for Excellence in Performance)    • Has made the tie up with Govt. of Bhutan through their authorised agent for supply of drugs in Govt. supply in Bhutan. • Initiated and worked extensively to start and develop big business in Military and other Government purchases. • Started Business Operation in Bhutan and turnaround Nepal Business operation to become profitable.  Area Business Manager  Specialty Care Bangalore -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  December 2002 to April 2003  • Steering business development activities across Karnataka. • Managing 3 different therapy divisions i.e. Oncology, Critical Care & Maternal Health Care. • Mentoring a team of 12 Territory Business Managers for generating revenue from Karnataka state. • Achieved business growth of more than 100% in 1st quarter. • Increased distribution network in terms of dealers to the tune of 10% and introduced Direct to Hospital for Critical High value products, which has significantly contributed in terms of volume. • Initiated and worked extensively to start and develop big Business in Military and other Government purchase.  Territory Business Manager  Specialty Care Bangalore -  Delhi, Delhi -  January 2002 to December 2002  • Steering business development activities across New Delhi, Western U.P. and Uttranchal area • Managed the launch of mega brands i.e. Meronem and Zoladex. • Top performer in All India Basis in terms of Business Achievements in Trade & Institution Business for two major patented products (Meronem & Zoladex) • Co-ordinate in development of a module for promotion of high end products. • Selected as Top Performer pan India for achieving success in trade & institution business. • Organized various seminars and group events for promotion of the product. • Has been instrumental in generating Business from institute like AIIMS, coordinated with the purchase team off AIIMS, and ensured that all the products are listed in regular AIIMS purchases  Field Product Executive  Specialty Care Bangalore -  Delhi, Delhi -  May 2001 to December 2001  • Steering business development activities across New Delhi, Western U.P. and Uttranchal area • Co-ordinate in development of a module for promotion of high end products. • Selected among the Top Performer pan India for achieving success institution business. • Organized various seminars and group events for promotion of the product.  PRECEDING EXPERIENCE CIPLA LTD.    Growth Path:  Marketing Executive  PROFESSIONAL ENHANCEMENTS -  June 1999 to April 2001  • MDP (Management Development Programme) • Leadership Developmental Programme • BEST (Business Etiquette & Sales Training) • 5 S Champion Programme • Real Estate Funding • SSTP (Selling Skills Technique Programme) • Presentation Skills Techniques • Advanced Leadership Programme - ADA  Management Trainee  -  June 1998 to May 1999  EDUCATION  MBA in Marketing Management / Personnel Management  Nagpur University -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  1997  B.Sc. in Physics  University of Calcutta -  Kolkata, West Bengal  1995  SKILLS  Lending (6 years), Marketing (6 years), Operations (3 years), Retail (6 years), RETAIL MARKETING (6 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS & SPECIALISATION  ~ Leadership ~ Growth Strategy ~ Business Turnaround & Development ~ Retail & Corporate Lending ~ Sales & Marketing ~ Business Operations ~ Revenue Generation ~Team Management ~  Competencies Professional Snapshot Leadership    * Business Excellence Plans * Strategic Initiatives * Strategic Alliances & Ties Up * Profit / Revenue Generation
