Sneha Rajguru BDE (Marketing) - Urja Money Pvt Ltd  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sneha-Rajguru/cc8c71a52b3d92a7  WORK EXPERIENCE  BDE (Marketing)  Urja Money Pvt Ltd -  October 2017 to Present  017. Key Result Areas. • Provide support to the marketing head on promotional activity both offline and online. This will vary according which projects are running. • Co- ordinate and regularly update content on social media platforms. Primarily FB and Whatsapp, and Google Search and Display ads to be designed and executed. • Creation of calendar of events for social media. • Work with creative designers for delivery of brand artwork when required. • Copy writing of all the marketing contents, blogs, newsletters, marketing mailers, dealer broadcast SMS in Hindi and Marathi • Involvement in planning & execution of dealer conferences on quaterly basics • To actively manage the existing the OLX partnership. Liaise with relevant parties to increase loan sales. • Daily reporting & feedback to sales team about the Olx project its performance and key areas for improvements • To source and approach business opportunities under the guidance of senior team member  Marketing Analyst  ALD AUTOMOTIVE INDIA LTD -  August 2015 to September 2017  Key Result Areas: • Planning and devising on -Page optimization strategies as per website requirements. • Developing content copies involving articles and press release. • Formulating marketing strategies for Face book page optimization in order to increase brand visibility and improve online brand positioning of the business. • Working on lead generation through PPC, Direct Mailer activity, etc. • Managing the development and optimization of Landing pages for PPC and E-Mail Marketing. • Gathering data about various countries, products and industries related to the niche as a part of Pre-Launch market research. • Using Google Analytics for goal set -up, Funnels, report generation, website study, visitor analysis, social media tracking, Ad words tracking and various other tools.  RELATIONSHIP MANAGER  CREDIT SUDHAAR -  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sneha-Rajguru/cc8c71a52b3d92a7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   November 2014 to July 2015  Key Result Areas.  • Solving customers issues in regards to loan rejections. • Assisting them to improve their CIBIL score. • Providing them with loan facility. • Educating them how to keep healthy credit score. • Cross Selling the products • Ensuring that we have provided proper assistance to all the customers who has enquired with us with an proper Equifax Report.  Sales and Marketing  MAHINDRA AUTOMOTIVE -  June 2011 to April 2014  Key Result Areas. • Attending showroom walk-in-customers. • Identifying the requirement of the customer. • Providing proper 6-step demo of the vehicle. • Providing Test-drive with the FAB (feature's advantages and benefits) details to the customer. • Assisting the customer with Performa Invoice, finance options, Insurance quote, Accessories list of the vehicle. Proper documentation of the vehicle • Keeping daily follow-up of the customers. • Generating enquires with Promotional and Marketing activities like events, road show, exhibitions, auto show, providing test-drive to the customers. • Visit to customers place with prior appointments for any more assistance required in documentations. • Complete Invoicing documentation, doing Insurance process, Co-ordinations for the Registration process and giving Ceremonial Delivery of the brand new vehicle. • Over all giving a Good memorable Experience of buying a new Vehicle.  Academics Details.  EDUCATION  PGDMM  MUMBAI UNIVERSITY -  Mumbai, Maharashtra
