Karthikeyan Mani Sales & marketing manager- GOLD STAR INTERNATIONAL  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Karthikeyan-Mani/ d2d9cbe1e0ac8ae1  Performance driven senior executive with Twenty year experience in Sales & Marketing of Capital printing equipment to the plastic industries in Domestic & Export Market. Steered Projects through complete cycle from ideation to commercialization. Impressive record of utilizing out-of-the approaches adapting to new business environments and negotiating win win agreements. recognised for ability to innovative management techniques that result to enhanced business practices, increased productivity and revenue. Forged strong business relationships focused on team work and cost containment.  Over 9 years of experience in Production field of printing of Dry offset ( Plastic molded product printing)  Having capability to give the defect free production with lower wastage  Proven ability to perform repititve work quickly & perfectly  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Bengaluru, Karnataka - New Delhi, Delhi  WORK EXPERIENCE  woking as Sales and marketing manager  GOLD STAR INTERNATIONAL -  2015 to Present  Profile : Performance drivrn senior executive with 20 years experience in sales & marketing of capital printing equipment to the plastic industries in domestic and export market. Steerec projects through complete cycle from ideation to commercialization. Impressive track record of utilizing out -of -the approaches adapting to nee business environmentd and negotiatimg win win agreements.Recognised for ability to innovative management techniques that result to enhanced business practices increasef productivity and revenue. Forged strong business relationships focused on team work and cost contaimment  GOLD STAR INTERNATIONAL -  September 2007 to Present  SELF EMPLOYED OWN BUSINESS  Job responsibilities involve Catering to all Domestic & International Clients to provide ATO Z printing solution for of Plastic packaging containers  https://www.indeed.com/r/Karthikeyan-Mani/d2d9cbe1e0ac8ae1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Karthikeyan-Mani/d2d9cbe1e0ac8ae1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Recommendation for appropriate printing process with equipment and accessories as per client requirement  Promoting printing equipment on website under own domain name right from generation of enquiry to supply of printing equipment in overseas Market especially Latin America Middle east & African continent  Actively involved in the Maintenance of Printing equipment & after sales service to overseas client including supply of Man power with skilled operator.  Have travelled extensively to Overseas for business development as well for Installation & commissioning of printing equipment. Having adequate knowledge for participating in International Plastic exhibition for promotion of Printing equipment & allied equipment.  Work Experience:  sales manager - domestic & international sales  WINNER SCREEN MACHINES PVT LTD -  March 2016 to March 2017  Sales and marketing of capital printing equipments to middle east latin america and african countries in the plastic packaging industries widely used in america petro chemical lubricant paints liquor and beverage industries enquiry generation through advertisement ,exhibition ,website , data base, b2b business portals, etc offer submission to clients follow up customer visit negotiation and order finalization . payment follow up order execution trials to customer ,monitoring training to client representative prior to disptach installation and commissioning after sales service to gain confidence and customet satisfaction.  Printing machine operator  GOLD STAR INTERNATIONAL -  2012 to 2015  food product supplier  Role: Printing machine operator  Work responsibility:  . Set up machinery and assemble station  . plan and assign work tasks in order to meet production goals efficiently  .monitored the machine regularly to avert preventable break downs    .perform regular check on the parts of machinery and make require adjustments wherever necessary  . clean and maintain work areas as directed  Hitech Plast pvt ltd -  2007 to 2012  Hitech plast ltd Group of Asian paints manufacturing plastic moulded buckets for paint industries providing innovative products and valuable services to customer  Company client: Paint & Oil packaging industry  Responsibility High quality printing of product & providing assurance to the management as well as customer for their satisfaction  Prepare machine for production process by equipping it with the required tools & parts  Assured constant availabily of raw materials & inputs so that the machine could function at all times.  Export Manager  Winner screen machines pvt ltd -  1997 to 2006  Job responsibilities involve:  Sales & Marketing of Capital printing equipments to Middle east, Latin America & African countries in the Plastic packaging industries widely used in Cosmetic, Petro chemical, Lubricant Paints, Liquor & Beverage industries.  Enquiry generation through Advertisement, Exhibition, Website, Data base & Reference. Offer submission to clients Follow up, customer visit, Negotiation Order finalization. Advance payment & Balance payment follow up, Order Execution, Machine trials to customer, Monitoring Training to client representative prior to dispatch, Installation & commissioning after sales service to gain confidence and customer satisfaction  Winner screen machines pvt ltd -  1998 to 2001  Major plastic exhibition held in India particularly Plast India 1997 2000 2003 2006 2009 2012 2015 2018 &also Plastivision 1998, 2001, 2004, 2007, 2010, 2014 & 2017.  Participated in International Plastic exhibition held in Middle east countries such as Arab plast 2003 2005 UAE, Saudi pack 2001, 2003, 2005 Riyadh Plastic Industry show Moscow 2002 &    Plastex 2003 at Cairo Egypt. Hands on experience in commissioning of machine in exhibition demonstration to visitors up to satisfactory installation at customer premises  Through Knowledge in Export Document including LC -Opening Advising confirmation, amendments, LC document preparation, Submission to Bankers and LC Negotiation. Bank transfer Follow up with customers and bankers. Cash against document terms.  Frequent vist to domestic and overseas clients for techno commercial discussion suggesting appropriate solution to meet their requirements.Order finalization on spot and signing contract on behalf of the company after discussion with higher authorities (if required)  Appointed agents in African countries for promoting capital equipments and routine follow up for enquiries, offers, customer visit and negotiation  6. Expertised in arranging machine demonstration to Third party inspection, coordinating with CHA for shipment, vessel availability, Factory /Dock stuffing Obtaining BL from shipping company  Service Engineer  Grafica Flextronica -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  July 1996 to February 1997  Job responsibilities:  Installation & commissioning of Automatic Flat bed screen printing machine and accessories used in graphic industry through out India  Attending break down, maintenance calls on customer site  Preparation of CAD drawings  Experience ; 2 years  Company name: Brakes India ltd Chennai  Designation: Observer trainee  Was actively involved in Development projects namely Electro Magnetic retarder braking ABS used in automobile Industry  Installed these braking device in TVS group of companies and Government Buses have taken survey report to study the Performance  EDUCATION  Diploma in Electrical & Electronics engineering in Examination  CN POLYTECHNIC CHENNAI    S.S.C in Secondary and Higher Secondary  Uttar pradesh State Board of Secondary -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  SKILLS  SALES (10+ years), SALES SERVICE (10+ years), BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT (10+ years), MARKETING (10+ years), AUTO CAD (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Key skills:  Business development & Customer building  Technology / Application development  Industry Net working  Aggressive Marketing, Hard working, Diligent, Result Oriented  Initiative & self - driven  Enthusiasm, versatile and able to work under pressure  Interact with customers on a personal level providing perfect customer service  Adequate knowledge in Export Documentation toward payment terms for L/C, CAD Preparation submission etc.  Knowledge and Experience in Installation & commissioning of capital equipment with after sales service  Knowledge of Plastic processing equipment & accessories including mould & recycle equipment.  Computer skills: Competent with all windows operating system, MS -Word Office, Excel, Sky pack - Export software  Salary Expected: 25 Lakhs per annum Net take home pay Minimum Rs. 2 lakhs per month  KARTHIKEYAN MANI MOB : […]
