Deepak Manjrekar Deputy Manager - Adventity Global Services  Vashi, MAHARASHTRA, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Deepak- Manjrekar/3be0637dc6a78b02  WORK EXPERIENCE  Deputy Manager  Adventity Global Services -  November 2006 to Present  as the last designation served for a year. Job Profile: -  • Use to manage a team of 45 Loan Officers (Agents) . Responsible included: - ◦ Originating loans from the agents ◦ Processing of the files by coordinating with the processing dept ◦ Drive revenue targets and make sure they achieve them with 100% quality ◦ Maintain the P&L account and ensure profit on monthly basis. ◦ Inventory and Lead Management - Involvement in streamlining automation of lead distribution of raw material. I had developed LMS (Lead Management System) with the help of IT and MIS team, which was a dump of data which can be utilized as and when required. ◦ As we were captive centre our core motive was to have 100% CSAT by ensuring accuracy in TAT set and download of accurate figures. • Streamlined and managed Underwriting and Processing department which included: - ◦ Ensuring the titles is ordered on all the properties within the time frame. ◦ Appropriate checks on the liens, judgements on the title search reports and ensuring these are cleared before the closing dates. ◦ Managing loan underwriters by guiding them on underwriting guidelines and regular updates on US mortgage guidelines. ◦ Ensuring Underwriting TAT is met by continuous follow up with lenders on conditions ◦ Daily reporting of the underwriting files with SLA details. ◦ Pre closing activities like HUD preparations, docs out, rate lock checks, coordination with escrow companies and ensuring the closing happens as per the schedules. • Business Development was an additional responsibility handed over seeing the determination, efficiency and capability. ◦ Contacting mortgage lenders, servicing companies, lead vendors etc. to get new loan product providing lenders, processing, servicing, collection processes and leads with higher conversion ratio. ◦ Sent follow-up marketing materials and build follow-up calls/monthly until relationship is recognized. ◦ Setting up an appointment with my company's President as and when required. ◦ Reviewing RFP and assisting in creating RFIs. ◦ Negotiating contract, consultative selling, forming grouping and partnering.  Achievements  https://www.indeed.com/r/Deepak-Manjrekar/3be0637dc6a78b02?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Deepak-Manjrekar/3be0637dc6a78b02?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Managed 300+ employees which were geographically spread within different states • Transitioned 5 processes (voice & semi voice) to Altisource during my travel to Atlanta, US. • Achieved Annual award for Excellence in Customer relation within Altisource - India. • Awarded as best Assistant Manager for increasing the gross revenue of Transaction based process by 70% in a span of 3 months. • Successfully streamlined 3 critical revenue based process well within the given SLA in the year 2013 • Achieved top grades in appraisal year on year during my career with Altisource. • Awarded as the best team and best Deputy Manager in Adventity for year 2009. • Rewarded for achieving highest revenue for the year 2008 with 100% quality and 98% CSAT. • Successful implementation of modification process, new third party tie ups in Adventity leading high revenue for the company.  Operations Manager  Altisource Business Solution -  April 2016 to April 2018  Assistant Manager from July 2011 to March 2016.  Company Profile: - Altisource Portfolio Solutions provides residential mortgage Insurance, origination and default management services including due diligence, Insurance, underwriting, valuation, real estate sales, property inspection and preservation services, and closing and title services.  Job Profile: - Manage a team of 350+ Analyst spread across 7 functions/processes and 2 locations.  ◦ People Management: Maintain a fair and equal opportunity environment in the organisation by regular talks, Skips and frequent operational audits. Minute investigation of complaints or employee concerns and resolving them appropriately considering ESAT and company visions and polices. Have succeeded in having low attrition rate and escalations. ◦ Quality Control: Ensured operational quality standard are met on monthly basis by analysing the defects/gaps and establishing and implementing short/long term operational goals. Maintained 99% plus accuracy consistently in all processes. ◦ Performance metrics: Calculations at function/process/team and individual level Metrix - ensuring the weekly, monthly and quarterly targets are met as per client's requirements. ◦ Process Improvement: Creation and implementation of methodologies to reduce manually efforts and automate the process keeping cost saving model in mind. Worked closely with MIS and tech team to develop performance tracking management system. ◦ Client Relationship Management: Weekly conference calls with the Executive management (Clients) . Discussing performance, SLA achievements along with forecast of the upcoming business. In-depth and priority review of the client escalation providing details synopsis and plan of action to avoid reoccurrence of the issue. ◦ Staffing Model & Forecast: Evaluating monthly billable FTE requirement as per function level forecast and allocation of staff ensuring the adequate billing count. ◦ Cost Effectiveness: Created cost saving program inclined towards effective manpower utilization, elimination of overtime and transportation costing.    ◦ Business Development: Successful in procuring and implementing additional/new process from United states to India. Travelled US for understanding and transitioning of the new business. ◦ Recruiting and Training: Recruiting quality people to as per the business requirement. Ensuring training of the new joinees are completed smoothly and transitioned to operations. ◦ BCP: Ensuring Business countinuty plan is in place to ensure the productivity is never hampered due to any sudden or short notice technical or non-technical disasters and issues. ◦ Project Management: Partner with onshore leaders and internal project/transition team to plan execute and complete the assigned projects within desired deadlines. The tasks includes, technology availability, adequate staffing, assigning additional perks if needed etc.  Team Leader for CoreLogic  Core Logic -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  June 2010 to June 2011  Company Profile: - CoreLogic is pioneered mortgage process offshoring in India, and in the last 15 years has grown into the largest mortgage industry focused technology, analytics and processing services organization. Core Logic serves mortgage giants like GMAC, CHASE, OCWEN, 5th THIRD BANK and takes care of their customers Property TAX and Insurance. Core Logic had also spread its business in Automated Appraisal Management, Software developments etc.  Job Profile: - Work profile is to manage a team of 42 Executives. I am responsible for: -  ◦ People Management - This includes 100% attendance, least attrition within the team, equal distribution of the raw material, developing motivational plans to keep the productivity high. ◦ Quality Control - This step included frequent refresher training for aged employees, preparation of updated training materials, frequent process updates given to the team. Constant product test conducted for agents and SMEs. ◦ Inventory Management - Managing the inflow of leads. Equal distribution of the leads within the team members. Managing the performance reports of the team. Forecast and capacity planning. ◦ Ensuring the punctuality and accuracy of reports are maintained. Coordination with the MIS team to automate the reports and reduce manual efforts. ◦ Making sure the SLAs are followed and a weekly review is done. ◦ Onshore Client Relationship - Interacting with onshore clients to ensure timely updates of offshore operations. Coordination with onshore management to resolve escalations and issues.
