Sapeksha Satam Deputy Manager HR - Masters of Management Studies  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sapeksha- Satam/442ab138bb79b1d0  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Deputy Manager HR  Shapoorji Pallonji Co Pvt Ltd -  July 2007 to Present  Corporate HRD). (Team Size - 3) Key Result Areas:  TALENT ACQUISITION: ➢ Responsible for end to end Talent Acquisition for various positions from Managers to SR. VP Level. Responsible for the leadership hiring in the Organisation for West & South Region. ➢ Managed to recruit 150+ candidates - Mid to Senior Level, in span of one Year. 20+ candidates for Leadership roles in the organization. ➢ Understanding the position and develop the Job description in consultation with Hiring Manager. ➢ Design and implement sourcing strategies for a strong Sales force. ➢ Sourcing CV's from various channels like job portals, social networking sites, headhunting, industry mapping, and internal references. ➢ Screen candidate's resumes and job applications and conduct preliminary interviews, give the feedback to the CEO's and the hiring Managers. ➢ Act as a point of contact and build influential candidate relationships during the selection process ➢ Selection and Offer Management. Conduct Final interview coordination with Hiring Panel. Discuss compensation and benefits plan with the selected candidate. ➢ Prepare internal approval notes and appointment letter. Organize pre-employment medical checkup and background verification. ➢ Post Offer Engagement and smooth on boarding. ➢ Provide analytical and well documented MIS reports (Hiring Status, Sourcing to Selection Ratio(9:1), Offer to Joining Ratio (3:1) etc) ➢ Handle Employee Grievances, Employee Discipline and Counseling for West & South region. ➢ Track trends in employees concerns / behavior and proactively address talent issues to the top management. ➢ Managing & developing the HR management information system.  CAMPUS HIRING:  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sapeksha-Satam/442ab138bb79b1d0?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Sapeksha-Satam/442ab138bb79b1d0?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Planning & managing entire Campus recruitment across India of 350+ Graduate Engineer Trainees, 150+ DET's, 50+ IIT's engineers and similar no. of Post Graduate Trainees from Tier II Engineering colleges at PAN India Level. ➢ Co-coordinating with colleges across the country and visiting colleges for the recruitment. ➢ Hiring Head experience in renowned brand from top B-school, hands-on hiring experience as both individual contributor and team manager. ➢ Manage and drive the campus hiring across locations at PAN India Level. Promote the company's brand and image on assigned college campuses. ➢ Execute recruitment strategies to reach desire volume campus hiring goals. Implement said sourcing strategies to identify talented college candidates while paying particular attention to diversity initiatives. Work in tandem with various teams to achieve the set deadlines of interview schedules for each campus. Implement said sourcing strategies to identify talented college candidates while paying particular attention to diversity initiatives. Work in tandem with various teams to achieve the set deadlines of interview schedules for each campus.   TRAINING & DEVELOPMENT: Ø Managing entire induction of GET’s, DET’s & PGMT’s (400-500nos) Ø Designed & Implemented 6months Training Module for Trainees. Ø Got associated with Management Institutes to provide Certification Programs to employees in lesser cost. Ø Implementation of Leadership program. ALDEP, LEAP. Ø Initiated several employee socials. (Diwali get together, Family Day, Annual Day)   OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT  Ø Preparing Offer letters, Appointment letters, Relieving letters, Termination letters etc. Ø Responsible for completion of Joining formalities i.e. Joining Kit, Joining report, Account Opening and Generating ERP ID, SAP entries. Ø Addressing employee queries & grievances in accordance with company policy. Ø Recruitment MIS and Analysis. Ø Monitoring Attrition of Campus freshers all throughout their career across the organization. Ø Managed the performance appraisal process for 1000+ employees. This includes employees in West & South region.   HR POLICIES & ITS IMPLEMENTATION  Ø Assist in creation of HR policies and systems taking into account best practices in the industry. Ø  Suggest required modifications of HR policies and systems as per changing circumstances or legal requirements. Ø Ensure proper communication of policies and systems to employees to promote awareness and ensure adherence to policies and systems by all employees. Ø Designed various templates for capturing various employee data – pre & post recruitment. Ø Designed a Performance Improvement Process (PIP) to bring up under-performers. Ø Designed Critical Incident Diary which is exceptionally useful during Appraisals. Ø Formulation and up gradation of various other HR policies.   COMPENSATION & BENEFIT    Ø Worked closely with senior management team for designing of Grade, Salary, Designation & Career. Ø Path for a newly formed Group Company. Ø Assisted in Designing & Implementing Performance Bonus schemes. Ø Co-ordinating with regional offices for Performance Appraisal reviews, promotions and rewards. Ø Trend rating Analysis of appraisal data and rating. Ø Processing salary revision of employees, releasing of revision letters and system updation. Ø Maintaining historical data on salaries & stipends, and its periodical updation.    Academics & Achievements Ø 2007 (MMS) Masters Of Management Studies (HR) - FULL TIME Baba Saheb Institute of Management Studies - Mumbai University – 72.57% Ø 2004 B.COM from Dhanukar College of Commerce - Mumbai University – 55% Ø 2001 HSC from P.Dalmia College of Commerce - Mumbai University – 60% Ø 1999 SSC from St Xavier’s High School – Maharashtra Board - 64.26% Ø Ranked 3rd in college during MBA course. Ø 2016 Certification As Recruitment Analyst - Carlton University (USA)  Implement said sourcing strategies to identify talented college candidates while paying particular attention to diversity initiatives. Work in tandem with various teams to achieve the set deadlines of interview schedules for each campus.  HR generalist role  Masters of Management Studies -  2007 to Present  Proficient in handling Performance Appraisal, Recruitment, Campus recruitment, Training & Development, HR MIS, Grievance handling and general HR Operations. ➢ Started off with Shapoorji Pallonji Engineering & Construction since 2007 as a Management Trainee presently working as a Deputy Manager - HR, in corporate HRD office. ➢ Skilled in implementing HR Policies, grievance handling & current HR practices. ➢ Possess good interpersonal skills, an eye for detail, strong hold on written and spoken communication, a quick learner and ability to work under pressure and deliver desired results. ➢ Area of expertise consists of Campus Recruitment, PMS, Recruitment, Inductions, Compensation & Benefits, Training & Development, Employee Relation, HR Operations. ➢ Proficient with MS-Office, HR Software ERP, HRIS & SAP HR module.  Organizations worked for  EDUCATION  MBA  Mumbai University  2016  MBA in Masters Of Management Studies    Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2007  B.COM  Dhanukar College of Commerce - Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2004  HSC  P.Dalmia College of Commerce - Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2001  SSC  St Xavier's High School - Maharashtra Board  1999  SKILLS  human resources, HR, recruitment, training & development, talent acquisition, campus hiring, HR policies, HR operation (10+ years)  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Certification As Recruitment Analyst, Carlton University USA
