Ashish Dubey Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashish-Dubey/3e3e6614a65aeede  ❖ Maintaining Track record of conferring with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services. Expert in taking or entering orders, creating/canceling accounts and obtaining details of complaints. In-depth knowledge of principles and processes of customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction. ❖ Responsible and dependable Customer Service Representative with 4.6 years' experience with different companies. Highly skilled in performing office support duties such as providing information to the public, receiving payments and addressing customer complaints. Hands on experience in ensuring that appropriate changes are made to resolve customers' problems and referring unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Relationship Manager  Matrimony.com -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  To handle VIP corporate customer profile , as a relationship manager for their marriage praposal ..  Handling all objection.  Complete sales target ,  Meet with client , meeting schedule with prospect ,, able to work in all situation .  Executive (IT Sales)  ADITYA INFOTECH For Process Of CorelDraw Software as Compliance -  June 2016 to January 2017  Identifying potential areas of compliance vulnerability and risk; developing & implementing corrective action plans for resolution of problematic issue to the companies. • Sourcing from internet & collecting information about the companies who are using Corel draw. • Generating Leads as per targets daily. • Thoroughly and efficiently gather company information, access and fulfill company needs. • Educate the company about the compliance & importance of registration or Licensing of Corel Draw.  • Making them to purchase the license from the vendors if they are not still completed with the legalization procedure. • Confirming about the purchase price of the license from the vendor's and providing the companies the quotation. • Follow-up with the companies whether they have completed with the legalization procedure or they have purchased the license.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Dubey/3e3e6614a65aeede?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Providing general guidance on Phone calls to the companies how to avoid or deal with similar situations in the future. • Provides reports on a regular basis, and as directed or requested. • Closing accounts of the leads which have been created. • Completing the weekly, monthly targets that have been allotted.  Operation Executive  Duurbeen bespoke pvt ltd -  Delhi, Delhi -  October 2013 to May 2016  Professionally handling incoming and incoming/outgoing calls of customers. • Explaining them about the Best holiday destination and giving them relevant information about the product. • Thoroughly and efficiently gather customer information, access and fulfill Customer needs, educate the customer where applicable to prevent the need for future contacts and document interactions through contact tracking. • Provide quality service and support in a variety of areas including, but not limited to: billing, placing print orders, and system troubleshooting. • Responsible for compiling and generating reports as they relate to customer service surveys. • Ensure that issues are resolved both promptly and thoroughly if any.  EDUCATION  B.A  Banaras Hindu University -  Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh  2010  SKILLS  SALES (3 years), ACCESS (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT OFFICE (3 years), MS OFFICE (2 years)  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  B1 certificate in french language  March 2018  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  ❖ Computer Proficiency: Basic knowledge of computer (Microsoft Office Suite Word, Excel, Outlook, PPT, Access)) ❖ Sales forces/ Air ticket generating on GDS software/ ❖ Content /blog writing ❖ Social Media (face book, twitter, you tube, etc.)    Strengths: Hard work, Perseverance, Team Skills, Patience. Indian  Religion: Hindu.  Address: L 16 street no.1 Mishra compound Opp- Sardar Patel school new link road Borivali (west) Mumbai 400068.  Declaration  I hereby declare that above mentioned information is correct and true as per best of my knowledge.  Date: Place: (Ashish Chandra Dubey)
