Anuj Mishra Sales Head - BerggruenHotels  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anuj- Mishra/5ae44570ad8d6194  To work with a challenging and stimulating environment in the field of Hospitality services with an opportunity for professional expertise in Strategy Planning Profit Centre, F&B Operations, Room Sales, C&B Sales, operations management, Relationship Management and New Set Ups.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Head  BerggruenHotels -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  August 2016 to Present  Strategy Planning • Executes business plans designed to maximize property customer satisfaction, profitability, and market share. • Ensures that property business plans and employees are aligned with brand business strategies; holds property leadership team accountable for successful delivery of business plans; experiments with new ideas and takes calculated risks to improve guest satisfaction and profitability. • Evaluates the success of property business strategies to inform future business plan enhancements; continually ensures business plans and actions have a positive impact on property performance.  Sales and Marketing • Evaluate accurately hotel market mix and revenue forecasts. • Lead effective efforts to coordinate strategies for sales and to optimize conversion. • Developing short, medium and long- term strategies for hotels through the \"Commercial Focus\" matrix and provide consultative support to other commercial support functions. • Make recommendations to take full advantage of revenue opportunities. • Train team members to understand key selling strategies and revenue management. • Prepare, analyze and write reports to outline business progress and opportunities. • Assist with the account diagnostics process and validate conclusions for negotiated business and on- line sales strategies. • Evaluate market demand by utilizing available reports both internal and external, including market share, market conditions, competitive pricing. • Generate periodic updates on transient booking patterns.  Revenue Management • Works with Front office team to develop effective pricing strategies, balancing seasonality, economy, customer segments, property objectives and customer satisfaction;  https://www.indeed.com/r/Anuj-Mishra/5ae44570ad8d6194?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Anuj-Mishra/5ae44570ad8d6194?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Establish revenue strategy that supports brand positioning in local market; ensures demand forecasting and sound revenue practices are in place to maximize yield; identifies ways to grow occupancy, RevPAR, and market share by researching and staying aware of competitor strategies.  Operations Management • Adept at managing budgets, financial plans and controlling expenditure; promoting and marketing the business. • Hands on experience in Operations; inclusive of formulating & implementing the departments' Standard Operating Procedures. • Experience in handling Pre-opening F&B Operations/Sales of a 5 Star Hotel. Relationship Management, Public Relations, Business Development, Training and Staff Mentoring, Sales & Marketing. • Handling customers from various backgrounds and cultures; proficient in maintaining international service standards. • Overseeing the entire sales and FNB • Handling various operations as per the department's Standard Operating Procedures. • Coordinating with in-house Departments like Front Office, Food and Beverages (Service), Food and Beverages (Production), Maintenance, Housekeeping, Security departments to ensure smooth functioning. • Managing all aspects of service management involving ambiance management, in-house banqueting, outdoor catering services. • Handling recruitment and Trainings.  Sales Head  JMJ Group Beatle Hotel and Planet Hollywood -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  June 2012 to July 2016  Managed Goa and Mumbai Hotel successfully  Head Business Development  Ramada Navi Mumbai -  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra -  July 2011 to June 2012  Banquet Operations and Sales Manager  ITC Fortune Vashi -  Vashi, MAHARASHTRA, IN -  November 2009 to July 2011  Operations Manager For Chain Of Restaurants and Boutique Hotel  MRG Hospitality & Infrastructure Pvt. Ltd -  September 2007 to November 2009  Catering Assistant  -    February 2006 to February 2007  Sr. Captain  Park Plaza Royal Palms -  February 2005 to February 2006  Captain  -  August 2003 to February 2005  Hospitality Assistant  Jaypee Palace Hotel -  Agra, Uttar Pradesh -  July 2001 to August 2003  EDUCATION  PGDBM HOSPITALITY MANAGEMENT in Hotel Management  HTMI SWITZERLAND -  Mangalore, Karnataka  1999 to 2001  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  • Leadership Skills • People, Productivity and Profit • Exceeding Guest Expectations • Front office and revenue Management • Certified train the trainer
