Hitesh Sabnis Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Hitesh-Sabnis/a23ff9012c106eca  To acquire a position of niche in the organization that incorporates fair, friendly and approachable environment. To achieve a position where my skill sets are explored, polished and given greater heights with freedom of operation in a challenging environment.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Customer Service Relationship Manager  -  October 2016 to Present  since August 2011 till Oct 2016  Key Responsibilities:  ➢ Managed the Sales and Administration division ➢ Co-ordinating with new and existing clients negotiating with vendors and getting more business for the company by using new strategies. ➢ Identifying and delivering presentations to key clients for sourcing business ➢ Expertise in monitoring of various statistic related parameters and conveying discrepancies to the reporting manager. ➢ Taking part in Group discussions and meetings with reporting managers as well as colleagues for improvement of the organization. ➢ Managed escalated issues of corporate customer their work premises and providing solution  Administration Responsibilities: ➢ Managed induction programs for newly joined employees ➢ Manage in-house engineers, electricians, painters, door specialist, HVAC technicians, and carpenters ➢ Overhauled the Recruitment process to make it more proficient. ➢ Responsible for implementation of all health and life-safety programs ➢ Assisting management in handling discipline for insubordinate employees. ➢ Developed several activities that helped to boost morale. ➢ The profile primarily involves handling the employees under me. ➢ Arranging meetings and giving feedback to employees.  Sr. Loan  Ocwen Loan Services -  February 2009 to July 2011  Key Responsibilities: ➢ Managed a team of 20 team members ➢ Validation of mandatory documents before sanctioning loan  https://www.indeed.com/r/Hitesh-Sabnis/a23ff9012c106eca?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Validation of mandatory entities in the documents viz. name, address, state, loan amount, rate of interest, when loan was modified i.e. modification agreement ➢ Using Loan Number from documents and verify the details such as loan borrower, his/her company status (active/inactive), his/her company's financial status (whether bankrupt), etc. ➢ In case of mismatch in borrower details, the document belongs to a mix borrower ➢ Review the mismatched Loan number ➢ Once review completed data sent to client in order to get the valid Loan Number ➢ Managed by setting up payment plans for the US bankrupt customers and assisting them to accumulate their homes. ➢ Assisting the team to take up calls in terms of loan management.  Customer service representative from Sep 2004till  Transworks (Minacs) (Aditya Birla Group -  2008 to December 2008  Key Responsibilities: ➢ Coordinating with retail U.S. vendors. ➢ Maintaining cordial relations with customers to sustain the profitability of the business ➢ Maximizing customer satisfaction level by on time delivery, monitoring customer complaints & providing efficient service.  SKILLS  MULTITASKING (Less than 1 year), PROBLEM RESOLUTION (Less than 1 year), RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), SCHEDULING (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  AREAS OF EXPERTISE:  Personal Management Multitasking Skills Relationship Management Planning & Scheduling Problem Resolution Oral and Written Communication
