Atif Khan Area Sales Manager General Trade - Faraway Foods Pvt Ltd  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Atif-Khan/374e9475dfc747e3  ➢ To associate with an organization which progresses dynamically and gives me a chance to update my knowledge and enhance my skills and be a part of the team that excel in work towards the growth of the organization and gives me personal and professional satisfaction thereof.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Area Sales Manager General Trade  Faraway Foods Pvt Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  March 2018 to Present  Responsible for Sales Operations ➢ Training to the sales Staff like Promoters ➢ Managing the Promoters Activity in the Store's. ➢ Responsible for Sales Growth in General Trade. ➢ Opening New General Trade Store's in Mumbai. ➢ Increasing & Maintaining Sales in General Trade  Area Sales Manager  Modern Trade Mumbai -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  February 2016 to March 2018  Reporting to Regional Manager. ➢ Managing the Supervisors. ➢ Data Analysis ➢ Used Positive attitude Strong Work Ethic to keep team morale high in challenging Working Condition. ➢ Analyzing market trends, pricing and competitor's movement & maintaining Sales performance. ➢ Handling and Managing Sales Team & Distributors. Ensuring Achievement of Targets. ➢ Planning and implementing product demos, local campaigns and sales promotions to Stores. ➢ Participating in various exhibitions & events. ➢ Making pitches, conducting events and presentations for generating sales. ➢ Developing Strong relationship with Key customers & Trade Partners. ➢ Preparing indent & ensuring availability of material with coordination with Commercial & Logistic Department. MIS reports in all sales channels. ➢ Prepare roadmap independently and ability to exceed primary and secondary sales targets through distributors & sales team month on month. ➢ Establish primary and secondary targets. ➢ Worked With Mead Johnson Nutrition India.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Atif-Khan/374e9475dfc747e3?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   To keep Team As a Trade Sales Executive  Vile Parle to Virar -  Virar, Maharashtra -  September 2013 to January 2016  Handling 3 Distributors from Vile Parle to Virar. ➢ Taking Orders from Retailers, Medical Stores, Super Markets, Departmental Stores & Baby Shops. ➢ Maintain Good Relationship With General Trade as Well as Modern Trade. ➢ Taking Orders From General Trade Like Medical Stores as well as Modern Trade like Hypercity, Me n Moms, Big Bazar, Baby Shops and Departmental stores Placing The Orders To Distributors ➢ Coordinate with Distributors for Timely Dispatch the Products in General trade As well as Modern trade. ➢ Developed New Retailer For More Sales. ➢ Maintained Expanded Business with Current and New Retailers. ➢ Research Market Regularly. ➢ Settlement The Claims of Distributors. ➢ Maintain Excellent Relationship With Distributors. ➢ Taking the Primary Orders from Distributors.  Business Development Executive  British Life Sciences a Division -  Bandra, MAHARASHTRA, IN -  January 2013 to August 2013  8 Months) ➢ Area Covered From Bandra to Vile Parle, ➢ Meeting to Drs. for Promoting About Products. ➢ Meeting to Drs. in Hospitals & Nursing Homes for Promoting About Products. ➢ Handling 1 Distributor to Timely Dispatch The Products in The Retailer Shops. ➢ Taking the Orders from Retailer and Place The order in Distributor for Deliver.  Warehouse Supervisor  National Traders -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  January 2011 to December 2012  Handling Products Like Skin Care, Herbals, Beauty Products & Cosmetics Products. ➢ Warehouse Supervisor. ➢ Monitoring Dispatch Plans. ➢ Maintain Inventory Records. ➢ Monitoring the Arrivals & Dispatches of Inventory. ➢ Taking Care of Dispatch. ➢ Maintaining Physical & Complete Stock.  EDUCATION  H.S.C    Maharashtra State Board  2006 to 2007  S.S.C  Maharashtra State Board  2003 to 2004  BSc in Mathematics  BOARD & UNIVERSITY  SKILLS  EXCEL (Less than 1 year), EXCEL 2003 (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT WINDOWS (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  COMPUTER PROFICIENCY  Package: ➢ Windows 98, Windows 2000, Windows XP ➢ MS. Office 2003 ➢ Excel 2003 - 2007 ➢ Tally 7.2 ➢ Internet Applications
