Vikram Hirugade Manager Business Development - Essel Propack Ltd Mumbai  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vikram-Hirugade/460c63d9afdc621c  Result-oriented individual looking for the Senior Level position in Marketing/ Business Development with your organization, bringing experience, developing and maintaining good relationship with existing as well as new clients; with good communication and effective persuasion skills.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Manager Business Development  Essel Propack Ltd Mumbai -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  May 2012 to Present  2012) Role and Responsibilities: 1) Essel Propack is the Global Leader in Lamitubes and Plastic tube business (34%Global market share) 2) I Handle Business Development Activity for Pharma Healthcare segment entire India market, Recently got new Responsibility of Nepal, Bangladesh, Srilanka Markets. 3) Market Analysis, Surveys to map the Market. Regular Visits to existing as well as new customers. Promote New Dispensing solutions in Lamitubes/Plastic Tubes category to customers. 4) Do Market Research to analyze changing market trends and competitor analysis and make the marketing strategies for sustainable business growth. 5) Lead the business development Projects from start to its commercialization. 6) High Potential Aluminium to Lamitube packaging conversion projects with leading MNC's and Domestic leaders. 7) Successfully did high Volume Projects with GSK, Novartis, MSD, Sanofi, Cipla, Glenmark, Sun Pharma etc. 8) Organize Road Shows, Technical conferences and Participation in Exhibitions.  Manager - Sales and Marketing  Biotech Desk Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  April 2011 to April 2012  Role and Responsibilities:  1) Sales and Marketing of Biotech Research Products and Drug Discovery Tools to Research Oriented Pharmaceutical and Biotech Companies and Government Research Institutes in Western India. 2) Handle Business Development Activity for Company Products and Services in the Assigned Territory. 3) Generate New Eenquiries and Convert it into Revenue. 4) Customer Rrelationship Mmanagement and New Business Development. 5) Inter-departmental Co-ordination Activities in an Organisation.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Vikram-Hirugade/460c63d9afdc621c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   C]  Sales Executive  \" in \"Aastrid International Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  July 2009 to March 2011  Role and Responsibilities: 1) Marketing of Active Pharma Ingredients and Raw Materials to Pharmaceutical Companies in India. 2) New Business Development and Customer Relationship Management with Existing and New Customers. 3) Study Current Business Trends and Formulate Marketing Strategies under the Guidance of Seniors. 4) Add New Customers to the Clientele List for the Potential Products by Analyzing Market Scenario. 5) Provide Technical Assistance to Overseas Principals While Registering API Products with CDSCO Delhi. 6) Visits to the Regular as well as New Customers to Maintain and Increase Business Relationships. 7) Co-ordination with Other Departments and Branch Offices.  Production Executive  Marksans Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Goa Unit -  November 2004 to November 2006  Formerly Glenmark Laboratories Ltd.) \" (From November 2004 to November 2006) Role and Responsibilities: 1) Joined as Management Trainee with Glenmark Labs in Production Department. (MHRA and TGA, MCC Approved Manufacturing units. 2) Worked in Production department of Solid Oral Dosage manufacturing unit (Tablets, Capsules and Soft Gelatin Capsules) 3) Supervisor on Production and Packaging lines -Tablet Filling Lines and Cartonators. 4) Primary packaging and Secondary packaging activities. 5) Maintain the Batch Records and Production Logs, Maintainence logs, Change over Records etc. 6) Was part of Plant Team which faced UK-MHRA and TGA Audits in Glenmark Labs.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Pharmacy in Marketing  MIT College of Management, University of Pune -  Pune, Maharashtra  Bachelor of Pharmacy in Pharmacy  University of Pune -  Pune, Maharashtra    SKILLS  EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), MS WORD (Less than 1 year), POWERPOINT (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SOFTWARE KNOWLEDGE: Course Completed: MS - CIT. Software Knowledge: MS Office (MS Word, MS Excel and PowerPoint etc.), Windows.
