Sastha Nair Deputy General Manager - Godrej Properties Ltd  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sastha- Nair/2d9186bd6a2ec57e  Insightful experience of 16 years in the areas of Marketing & Sales in Real-Estate Industry. Presently associated with GODREJ PROPERTIES LIMITED as Dy. General Manager- Marketing & Sales Interpersonal and problem solving skills with the ability to work in multi-cultural environments  WORK EXPERIENCE  Deputy General Manager  Godrej Properties Ltd -  February 2005 to Present  Job Responsibilities Process Devised and enacted all departmental policies and procedures while ensuring best practices. Conducting internal audits to ensure all the policies and procedures are followed Preparing and maintaining of various quality formats as well as progress report Assistance in launch plans outlining the launch process and submitted the same to senior management for its authorization.  Sales Administration Responsible for managing property transaction process, and ensure appropriate and timely availability of documents at all stages of sales process. Ensure timely issuance of allotment letters, reminder letters etc. To Co-ordinate with Legal Department for Final Draft Agreement & other legal need based letters To perform clerical and administrative support duties for the Sales & CRM Department Co-ordinate with CRM team for customer queries and grievances for issues such as payments, bookings, cancellations or any other customer transaction. Recording of Bookings, collection, Swapping, Cancellations etc, in the SAP system and controlling the entire operation process in SAP system. Timely preparation of finance and legal papers for clearance of possession papers. Co-ordinate between Facility Management Department and Customers for Final possession of the Flats Creating weekly reports on status of work pertaining to sales and site visits. Monitoring day-to- day functions of sales and ascertaining after-sale satisfaction. Financial  Chalking out a full-fledged business plan for development, enhancement of sales revenue of existing and future properties.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sastha-Nair/2d9186bd6a2ec57e?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Sastha-Nair/2d9186bd6a2ec57e?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Inventory Management  Godrej Properties Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  2006 to 2009  and for Mumbai Region projects since 2009. Cash Flow Analysis Inventory Management: Live Inventory Management for all Mumbai region projects. Assistance in preparation of live inventory for other regions. Preparation of budgeted forecasts and monitoring and controlling the same Performance monitoring against AOP, analysis of variances. Internal and Statutory Audit co-ordination.  Systems SAP - Core team member of SAP SD (Sales & Distribution) Module Providing Pan India SAP Assistance for Sales & Distribution Module Leading the SD (Sales & Distribution) module for the rollout of PAN India projects. Maintained Master Data of customers, Inventory etc. Control of all PAN India pricing in SAP - SD Analyzing the problem and provide solutions to the user generated issues or tickets. Maintained and updated the End user training manuals. Involved in report generation of Customer/Material/Sales/Billing. Involved in configuring new requirement.  SFDC Also part of SFDC -SAP Integration Team Worked with various salesforce.com objects like Accounts, Contacts, Leads, Campaigns, Reports etc. Maintained various Custom Reports and Report Folders based on the needs Maintain the full database of generated leads Lead tracking reports Booking and Sales updation in SFDC to SAP. PAN India assistance in booking module in SFDC -SAP  Core Team Member of SAP -BO/ BI (Business Objects / Business Intelligence) Integration Generation of Sales Reports for reconciliation and Management review  Others Assistance for Review Meeting presentations. MIS Preparation for Managements review Launch Analysis Controlling of back office staff to update records and financial transactions Active Participation in Product Launching ie. Cost Sheet preparation, Inventory Management, TDS payment process etc. Preparing the Sales plan with the help of team members, Reviewing teams sales performance, aiming to meet or exceed targets, preparing sales acceleration reports.    Responsible to maintain the database of the clients and updating them regarding different proceedings of their purchased Units Attend and actively contribute to strategy, status, and follow-up meetings on the development. Aided in overall activities of the Sales department encompassing planning, Inventory allocation, documentation from booking process till possession Analysing the performance of team members for assigning targets on a regular basis. Monitoring sales and marketing activities; assisting in implementing effective strategies to maximize sales and accomplish revenue and collection target. Sales support through creation of presentations, comparison documents, and proposals  Bhumi Raj Homes Pvt. Ltd -  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra -  January 2000 to February 2005  Asst. Manager-Marketing  Bhumi Raj Homes Pvt. Ltd -  January 2000 to February 2005  Planning of Marketing / Sales & Customer Support. Handling customer complaints. Sales & Customer Service activities. Account receivable records. Collection follow up for outstanding payment  Euro clean - Marketing Section  Eureka Forbes Ltd -  Trichur, Kerala -  April 1996 to December 2000  Executive Marketing.  Mangaly Industries Pvt. Ltd. P.E.T. Bottle Manufactures Palakkad, & Timber Importers Executive Marketing cum Accts - Asst.  ACADEMIA B.Com Calicut University 1995 64%  EDUCATION  H.S.C  Calicut University -  Calicut, Kerala  1992    ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  CORE COMPETENCIES  Sales & Marketing  Proficient in developing & streamlining systems with proven ability to enhance marketing / administrative effectiveness and meet required goals within cost, time lines & quality parameters. Team leader with strong analytical, problem solving and organizational abilities. Manage Inventory Management module. Active Participation in Product Launch and Expansion of Business. Preparation and Finalization of Sales Projections, AOP, LRP workings. Develop Project Sales Budget and revenue forecast. Cash Flow Analysis Review Meeting Presentations Overall Documentation Process. Conducting internal audits
