Tejas Achrekar Store Manager  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tejas-Achrekar/54b197d3825c34b0  I am keen to work for an enterprise, which can provide me a platform to develop and display my knowledge gained so far with strong customer service orientation. I also look forward to exhibit my expertise and gain additional knowledge about the current trends in the ever-expanding retail industry with an ability to work independently in a changing and multi-tasking environment.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Store Manager  Xtreme Nutrition -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  July 2015 to July 2018  Xtreme Nutrition\" a leading brand with 2 outlets across Mumbai in the field of wellness, sports nutrition products, dietary supplements, sportswear & accessories. It also exclusively represents and distributes high quality, genuine, international brands of sports nutrition supplements.  Store Manager  Nutrition Planet -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  2014 to 2015  Nutrition Planet is a Mumbai based company known for leading seller of most popular health supplements with the range of products & price parity for sports nutrition products like Workout Igniter, Protein Powders, Fat burners, Vitamins and much more.  Senior Nutrition Advisor  Neulife Nutrition -  2013 to 2014  Neulife is the leading Indian company in the field of sports nutrition products & dietary supplements. Today, Neulife operates India's first and only chain of specialty sport nutrition superstores. It also exclusively represents and distributes high quality, genuine, international brands of sports nutrition supplements.  Sales Executive  Species Clothing -  Ludhiana, Punjab -  https://www.indeed.com/r/Tejas-Achrekar/54b197d3825c34b0?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   2011 to 2013  Species is a premium Ludhiana based brand belonging to Mr. Sandeep Ghai. They  Specialize in knit fabrics for women's clothing and always have different upcoming  Designers working under them.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of IT in BscIT  Mumbai College - Mumbai University Of Mumbai -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2011  HSC  Maharashtra Board  2008  SSC  Maharashtra Board  2006  Elphinstone College  Our own School  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  • Methodical & committed with excellent communication & interpersonal skill • Achievement Oriented with the ability to manage stress and meet targets • Leadership qualities coupled with an initiative taking temperaments  Personal Declaration: I hereby affirm that the information cited above is accurate and true to the best of my knowledge.  Tejas Achrekar
