Jaison Tom Sales Manager - M/s. Pacific Foam Ltd / Colorpak Ltd  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jaison-Tom/a50a9deff3921a38  Extensive experience building business relationships, designing sales strategies, maintaining long-term relationships, increasing profitability and productivity.  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Not working  Sales Manager  M/s. Pacific Foam Ltd / Colorpak Ltd -  India -  November 2008 to January 2018  Sales Area: Papua New Guinea JOB PROFILE: • Analyzing and Defining Sales and Marketing strategy for the country and also designing the means of achieving it. • Making the sales budget and developing the means to achieving the same. • Determining the team size and building an effective sales team for achieving the objective of the company, designing the promotional plan and motivating the sales team to achieve the same. • Annual Budget and monthly MIS • Looking after the entire in house development of household.  Area Sales Manager  M/s. Hamilton Housewares Pvt.Ltd -  Mumbai, Aurangabad, IN -  July 2003 to November 2008  Ahemednager, Goa JOB PROFILE: • Formulating innovative and aggressive sales strategies to increase market share and strengthen leadership status. • Ensure adherence to packaging and quality specification. • Setting sales and collection targets in assigned region. • Generating new product ideas by periodical \"Brain storming \"sessions with the teams. • Motivating / identifying needs of distributors / dealers in market place in terms of development.  Area Sales Manager  M/s. PRIMA PLASTICS LTD -  September 1999 to August 2001  https://www.indeed.com/r/Jaison-Tom/a50a9deff3921a38?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Sales Area: Maharashtra, Goa, Karnataka & Kerala JOB PROFILE: • Achievement of targeted sales and receivables on monthly/quarterly basis. • Devising marketing strategies to position brands in the market and develop strong brand quality. • Impact guidance and on the job counseling and training to team members to help them reach their full potential. • Tracking of industry trend and competitor activities. • Program designer, evaluation of business in the environment of operation. • Evaluation of individuals (recruitment performance appraisal and promotion)  Territory Manager  M/s. NILKAMAL PLASTICS LTD -  August 1994 to September 1999  Sales Area: Maharashtra, Goa, JOB PROFILE: • Recruiting training and supervising sales force of distributors. • Controlling inventory, collection and maintaining strict discipline on credit limits. • Maximizing sales volume in the assigned territory through effective distribution and merchandising • Co-ordination and interaction with vendors for stringent quality checks of products and monitoring insuring production of furniture range as per production schedule. • Formulating and executing strategies to improve market share and develop and maintain a strong distribution network.  Sales Representative  M/s. EUREKA FORBES LTD -  October 1990 to April 1993  JOB PROFILE: • Direct Marketing - Eureka Forbes Vacuum Cleaners. • Achievement of sales targets, developing customer base was the major responsibilities. • Creating product awareness campaigns amongst masses. • Merchandising and planning local sales promotion activities (organizing exhibitions at Major Township for new products launches, besides implanting promotional scheme and event management).  Sales Representative  M/s. ARYAVART CHEMICALS. PVT. LTD -  July 1988 to September 1990  JOB PROFILE: • Institutional Sales of Paint Dryers and Stabilizers. • Setting a system oriented sales network. • Achieving sales volume and coverage of targets.    • Servicing customers with prompt resolution of any products or technical problem that may arise.  EDUCATION  BCOM  Osmania University  SKILLS  27+years in Sales and Marketing  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  ♦ Actively participated in Sports, Athletics in School & College. ♦ Languages known are English, Hindi & Malayalam. ♦ Robust health and flair for meeting people ♦ Willing to travel places. ♦ Certificate course in Computer Application (MS Office) from NIIT.
