Adil K Assistant Manager - Corporate Sales - Door Sabha Nigam Limited  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Adil-K/7b4db1dd0f5c1808  Key member of the sales team reporting to the Business Head, and responsible for achieving the sales targets. Responsible for Team proficient in resource allocations and new sales strategies introduction in Retail and Corporate Segments. Passionate and motivated, with a drive for excellence. Seasoned with more than 10 years of Telecom experience in fast-paced sales and end to end operations. Excellent written and communication skills.  PROFESSIONAL TRAININGS ATTENDED: Essentials of Leadership - Business Sales  WORK EXPERIENCE  Assistant Manager - Corporate Sales  Door Sabha Nigam Limited -  August 2017 to Present  Roles and Responsibilities Prospecting New Accounts for Conferencing Solutions for the Company. Meeting up with the corporate clients and closing the service deal with the corporate clients. Composing proposal according to the client requirement.  Team Leader  IDEA Cellular Limited -  December 2015 to August 2017  Roles and Responsibilities Handling direct Sales Team of 10 Executives for Postpaid sales EBU (Enterprise Business Unit) Doing Sales in Existing Corporate and SME verticals and New SME verticals through Cold calling. Meet overall targets.  Business Manager  CloudInnovisionz -  June 2014 to November 2015  Roles and Responsibilities Handled Sales Team of 3 Team leaders each having 7 Executives under them.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Adil-K/7b4db1dd0f5c1808?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Plan and implement sales strategies by continuous monitoring of the market to gauge the market trend. Prepare quotations, negotiate and close deals for Corporate and SME verticals, Organizing Events and Presentations in Corporates. Responsible for company sales reporting & reviews Meet overall volume and revenue targets as per AOP. Resume of Mr. Adil K  Area Business Manager  Reliance HR Services Pvt Ltd -  January 2013 to May 2014  Roles and Responsibilities Handled Direct Sales Team of 4 Team Leaders each having 8 Executives and Telecalling Team of 12 Telecallers on Company payroll Handled Individual, corporate and SME through DST, Also handling telecalling team of 12 telecallers for outbound sales and Customer Service. Emailing to customers for details of product and Customer Service queries and resolution. Solely responsible for business development and sales for the respective Cluster. Independently handles all major accounts for the Cluster via Emailing and personal visits if required. Responsible for customer retention and satisfaction. Also Ensure billing and collections happen on time and keep track of collectables. Identify new opportunities for revenue enhancement through close interaction with customers Increase ARPU, Ensuring market leadership among competition Handling corporate and SME through channel partners (DSA, DST, telecalling Agents)  DSA- DST Lead in DirectSales  Reliance Communications -  August 2008 to January 2013  Sales Manager  Star Aluminium & Civil Works -  July 2007 to August 2008  Roles and Responsibilities Handled Labours and Deployment of work as per the skill sets In charge of the Materials and Superintendent of the site works. Meet / Exceed overall volume and revenue targets as per ABP. Monitor competition and provide market intelligence report.  Sales Team Leader    Tangent Management & Solution (India) Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  April 2005 to March 2007  Channel Partner Of Bharti Airtel Ltd) Sales Team Leader Roles and Responsibilities Handled Major Corporate Accounts all Over Mumbai with a Team of 10-15 Executives. Getting Permissions for Road shows in Corporates for EOEP Connections  Corporate Sales Executive  Bharti Cellular Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  June 2003 to March 2005  Roles and Responsibilities Handled a team Of 4 executives and providing Connections to Corporate Employees of IT / ITES Companies. Aquiring Monthly aquisitions of 200 Corporate Connections (COCP & EOEP) Accounts Handled like Syntel India Ltd, Mphasis, TCS, TechMahindra, Patni Computers, WIPRO BPO, etc.  EDUCATION  Shah & Anchor Technical Institute Mumbai -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  April 1998  H.S.C.  Dr.A.D.T.H.S. & Jr. College  March 1994  S.S.C.  Maharashra State Board  March 1992  SKILLS  Team Handling, Well versed with MS Office, Creating Presentations (10+ years)
