Sandeep Anand General Manager- Sales Northern Region  Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sandeep-Anand/5340a7ebbd633df6  To be recognized as an efficient & competent senior manager having good interpersonal and management skills. Being a hard worker with a positive attitude and sincerity of purpose, I aspire to prove my talent in the fast-moving corporate world. My broad level future goals are to be in the strategic position that will utilize my education, inherent and acquired skills. I seek growth oriented organization where ample scope for utilizing my potential exists to further my career opportunities.  SUMMARY - I have been in the field of MEP, Mechanical, Electrical, Plumbing & Fire Fighting for over 12 Years. Before that I have handled Energy efficient equipment in Air Conditioning and Refrigeration for over 15 years my profile was to handle Business Development, Marketing, Sales and Project Execution of all Product lines viz. Heavy Chilling Machines i.e. Centrifugal Chillers, Screw Chillers and Scroll Chillers, Package Air Conditioners, Split Air Conditioners, Air Handling Units, Air Side Products. Complete Electrical High Side and Low Side. Also, Fire Fighting & Plumbing. Currently handling complete Electro Mechanical offerings including products.  My various assignments have not only ensured technical understanding of range of products, but have given me immense exposure to General Management Techniques thereby achieving excellence in complete Operation Process i.e. Business Development, Marketing, Sales, Designing and Execution. Over these years I have been part of evolving new business models to keep in line with changing business environments and meeting new challenges of cost reduction. This has led to enhancement in productivity levels, logical and analytical thinking, ability to build cohesive team and interpersonal skills, which have enabled me to deliver excellent results year after year.  WORK EXPERIENCE  General Manager- Sales Northern Region  NCR -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh -  July 2010 to July 2010  Haryana, Punjab, Rajasthan, Utter Pradesh, H.P, J&K. Managing Sales of 150 Cr and bottom line of 17 Cr. • Relationship Management with all Electromechanical Consultants, HVAC Consultants, Architects, Project Management consultants in North. • Responsible for more then 50% business from repeat customers and key accounts. • Handling a Sales cum Business development team of 6 Sales Managers and 2 Business Development Managers, 1 Construction Manager.  Additional charge of Construction Head for L&T Mud Project- HVAC Works of 30 Cr. Job Responsibility -Construction Head. Responsible for billing of 30 Cr including Design, Planning, Construction activity for L&T Mud Project in Chandigarh.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sandeep-Anand/5340a7ebbd633df6?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   KEY ACHIEVEMENTS: - • Achieved Sales growth of 32% over 2010-11 • Achieved Margin growth of 26% over 2010-11 • Achieved billing growth of 36% in L&T Project, Chandigarh • Added 3 new HVAC consultants and 5 new Project Management Consultants in 2010-11 • Booked 3 new projects of complete MEP Works value 60 Cr in 2010-11  Regional Head of Sales Operations  North Zone -  Thane, Maharashtra -  July 2007 to June 2010  Deputy General Manager -Sales - Northern Region. RESPONSIBILITY • Manage Regional sales operation to achieve Planned Sales Numbers i.e. Turnover and Gross Margins. • To achieve 50% improvement in Black areas and unknown territories, where in Blue Star's presence is not there. • Ensure Customer Satisfaction Index more than 75% • To help Division in getting AHRI certification for Blue Star make Screw Chillers, manufactured in Thane, Mahrashtra. • Positioning on Indigenous, Blue Star make AHRI Certified Screw Chillers in North and achieved sales of 9800 TR of Blue Star make Screw Chiller Sales in North.  KEY ACHIEVEMENTS: - • Accomplished high volume growth rate (over 37 % YOY) • Achieved success rate of 55% in addressing black area markets. • Achieved C.S.I in of 79% • Successfully achieved AHRI certification for both water cooled and air-cooled screw chillers. became first manufacturer outside USA of Air Cooled Screw Chiller to get AHRI Certification  Regional Senior Sales Manager  Blue Star Ltd -  Gurgaon, Haryana -  July 2004 to June 2007  Gurgaon  Regional Sales Manager  Blue Star Ltd -  Gurgaon, Haryana -  July 2001 to June 2004  Gurgaon  Assistant Sales Manager  Blue Star Ltd -  Gurgaon, Haryana -  July 1999 to June 2001    Gurgaon  Senior Sales Engineer  Blue Star Ltd -  Gurgaon, Haryana -  January 1998 to June 1999  Gurgaon  M/s E.T.A - Dubai  Sr. Sales Engineer  MNE Division -  January 1997 to January 1998  RESPONSIBILITY  • Sales, Estimation of MEP Projects and Screw Chillers in Dubai and GCC Countries. • Responsible for Selling Trane make screw chillers & ETA make package units. • To achieve sales figures in excess of 20 million DHs. • Liaison with Architects and Interior Designers for Light Commercial Business.  KEY ACHIEVEMENTS: - • Successfully handled sales function for MNE department. • Achieved 65% growth YOY in screw chiller sales and 42% package unit sales. • Achieved 22% growth over sales target. • Successfully technically specified all ETA products in prevailing tenders.  Sr. Construction Engineer in Package Unit Department of Blue Star  M/S Blue Star Ltd -  New Delhi, Delhi -  February 1993 to January 1997  M/s Fedders Lloyd, New Delhi  Construction Engineer  Package Unit Department -  September 1991 to January 1993  Responsible for complete operation of package units for DRDO, MES, Railways, PUS etc.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in Area of specialization  Indian Institute of Management -  Gujarat, Karnataka, IN    Pune University, India -  Pune, Maharashtra
