Yuvaraj Balakrishnan Regional Credit Manager  Chennai, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yuvaraj- Balakrishnan/612884a24c343d84  Regional Sales Manager - Salaried PL - ROTN & Kerala, @ Bajaj Finance Ltd.  Currently working as RSM - Salaried Personal Loan, handling both ROTN & Kerala. Management of direct & indirect channel, Key metrics, team management, Cross vertical liasioning & driving New business opportunities. Managing the portfolio quality of the area managed. Current bucket Management for collections, ensuing timely support is provided to collection to maintain zero flow.  Manager - Credit, PLCS - M/s. Bajaj Finance Ltd., Chennai. Sep 2012 to May 2015.  Retail Assets - Covering Consumer Durables, Personal Loans, Business Loans, etc - Receiving and Scrutinizing of Loan Application - Appraising the Credit worthiness of the customer profile (s) Managing Verification Agency / DMA Staffs - Assigning cases to Verification agency - Checking & Scrutinizing the verification reports & singing of approving loans. Conducting of field visit / personal discussion with the borrower high value loans & disbursals Screening the necessary documents forwarded by clients to make sure that all the formalities are effectively complied with.  Willing to relocate to: Bangalore City, Karnataka - Chennai, Tamil Nadu - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  WORK EXPERIENCE  Regional Sales Manager, Salaried PL - ROTN & Kerala  BAJAJ Finance Ltd  Currently worked as Regional Sales Manager, Salaried PL - ROTN & Kerala for Bajaj Finance Limited since Sep 2012.  Branch Credit Manager  M/s. Fullerton India Credit Company Ltd -  Puducherry, Puducherry -  April 2011 to August 2012  https://www.indeed.com/r/Yuvaraj-Balakrishnan/612884a24c343d84?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Yuvaraj-Balakrishnan/612884a24c343d84?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Products: Covered Personal Loan, Business Loan, Loan against Property, Jewel & Two Wheeler Loan. Handled both Pondicherry & Kanchipuram Location.  Relationship Manager - Credit  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  September 2010 to April 2011  Products handled both Personal Loan & Loan Against Property. Responsible for TAT and credit quality, appraisal of loans of all ticket sizes, for both salaried and self-employed. Responsible for co-ordinating a Direct Sales team to achieve monthly targets of approvals and purchase the post disbursal (personal loan) documents at the time of personal discussion in the customer business premises. Handling Operations as an additional responsibility.  1  Credit Officer  M/s. Indiabulls Financial Services Ltd -  Salem, Tamil Nadu -  February 2010 to August 2010  Location.  Sales Manager  Retail Liabilities -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  December 2008 to February 2010  Member of the team involved in selling of CASA, DEMAT a/c and cross sell.  Assistant Manager - Credit  Egmore -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  June 2007 to December 2008  Credit Appraisal of personal and business Loans for both salaried and self-employed.  Senior Officer - Credit  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  December 2005 to June 2007  Product handling both Used and New Car Loans. Handling Chennai location, reporting to Credit Head, approval limit of Rs. 5 Lakhs for Salaried and SENP.    Responsible for TAT and credit quality.  Senior Manager - CPA  ICICI Bank Ltd -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  January 2001 to December 2005  Chennai.  Taking credit decisions as per the credit policy of the company after assessing the risks and mitigates of the cases. Process the closed files for disbursements. This involves creating contracts in the system, preparation of Payment Authorization memos, checking the completeness of the files, coordinating with the Disbursement team for disbursal of files. Analyzing portfolio performance using the data on credit, Customer Segment, Model, Product and Credit Parameters. Daily & Monthly reporting on the Credit Standards To Regional and Area Managers in Credit and Sales. Analyzing the data by Dedupe Check generating reports on the Profile of the Customer and evaluating deviations from Field Investigation Reports, Processing & Determining the Eligibility, Disbursing the Loan as per Credit policy of Bank and making periodic alterations in the Credit policies.  Senior Executive / Quality Control - Personal Loans  Professional Management Consultants (P) Ltd -  January 1998 to January 2001  The Above firm is appointed as certified public accountants (CPA) for various Multinational banks For Processing Loans Carrying Financial Analysis for Customers Like Personal Loans For GE Countrywide Financial Services Ltd.  Processing & Determining the Eligibility, Disbursing the Loan as per Credit policy of Bank. Identification of Fraudulent cases by Using Informations from system (Dedup) Preparing Daily weekly & Monthly MIS for Head office and information centers. Effective people management skills and qualititative customer interface. Coordinating with Bank officials on regular basis for quick turn around time.  Senior Executive - Operations  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  May 1994 to July 1997  Data Processing of U.S. Based concern. Responsible for co-ordinating a Vendor management TAT for all reports.    2  EDUCATION  Bachelor in Business Administration  Pondichery University -  Puducherry, Puducherry  SKILLS  MAINTENANCE (Less than 1 year), NETWORKING (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Qualifications: -  Honours Diploma in Computer Hardware Maintenance and Networking (HDCHM)
