Prathap Kontham Software Development Associate Director - NTT Data Services  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Prathap- Kontham/4dd60802da7b8057  Willing to relocate to: Hyderabad, Telangana - Bangalore  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software Development Associate Director  NTT Data Services -  June 2017 to Present  Team Size: 42 members Responsibilities: • Delivery Manager for Integration Services Teams - EDI claims Routing, Enrollment, EDI 27x, Enterprise Services, IESN (file Transfer), Integration Production Support team, AIM (Access identity Management) and OHI ( Oracle Health Insurance) Teams. • Project management Aspects, Capability building, Resource Utilization, Budget Management, Cost Management, Performance management, etc. • Managed another customer Account \"Advansix\" for 4 months which generates around 80K dollars revenue to company. Involved in estimation, delivery and solutions. • Correct Pyramid structure by onboarding Freshers to the team. • Participated in ISO Audits in 2018. • Provides mentoring and performance development to team, challenges the team for creative solutions, innovative software development, cost reductions and improvements in service delivery. • Lean Projects Implemented: ➢ Reduction of Access Request processing cycle time: Savings- Gross: $ 41, 968 and FTE: 2.2. ➢ Reduce total cycle time for CSI Authorization requests: Savings- Gross: $ 54000 and FTE: 1.13. ➢ Removal of manual efforts in FC user's extend badge request: Savings- Gross: $2600 and FTE: 0.054. ➢ Enhancing CE_faxmon application to automate failed fax letters: Savings-Gross: $3250 and FTE: 0.07 ➢ PDF unbundling application to retrieve PDF's from database: Savings- Gross: $9858 and FTE:0.21 ➢ Improved incident SLAs from 65 to 85. ➢ Implemented Recurring incidents to eliminate the incidents and reduction of incidents count by 30%. • People Management Initiatives: ➢ KM sessions sharing knowledge, Outings, Gettogether parties, Sport activities. ➢ 80 Internal certications completed across tibco, oracle SOA, Agile ➢ Oracle SOA, Tibco, Agile, Tibco BE, Edifecs, Microservices external trainings to Team and cross training ➢ Team members got external certified in Oracle SOA. ➢ Regular connect with team on status of work and 1-1s with them.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Prathap-Kontham/4dd60802da7b8057?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Prathap-Kontham/4dd60802da7b8057?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Sales and Solutions: ➢ Presentations prepared: CEP, EBI Payer, TIBCO Practice, EDIFecs, ➢ Helped in RFPs for different customers like BCBS NC, Carefirst, Mercedes Benz ➢ Healthcare Payer Solutions Documentation and B2B Consultation Guide. ➢ Global Logging and Notification frameworks presentations to different customers. ➢ Floor walk through for Cargill customer showcasing our tibco work with live demo. ➢ Learnt Oracle MFT, build some POCs and presented the Oracle MFT Migration strategy to customer. ➢ Presented Mulesoft Capabilities to Avis Customer, Integration Capabilities to Telefonica and tibco capabilities to GMF customer.  NTT Data Services -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  June 2010 to Present  Software Development Technical Manager - II  NTT Data Services -  June 2015 to May 2017  Team Size: 45 members Responsibilities: • Looking after delivery for Integration Services Teams - EDI claims Routing, Enrollment, EDI 27x, Enterprise Services, IESN ( file Transfer) team, Integration Production Support team, HPHConnect, AIM (Access identity Management), OHI, PDM and EDI Teams • Played a key role in winning TIBCO RFP i.e Sirius XM. • Build the team from 10 to 45 team size in 6 years. • Process Improvement (Lean and Six Sigma Initiatives) • Participated in 3 ISO Audits (2014, 2015 and 2016) as our project was selected for this. • Hiring resources. • Build next levels of leadership in the team. • Build innovation tools like online tools like Online Shift Allowance and Online Status report in Oracle Apex for better productivity and tracking the status of team activities. • Involved in driving Internal Certification program in tibco, Oracle SOA, Agile for skills enhancement. • Involved in migrating Tibco application to oracle SOA applications and helping team in building tool in automating this migration work. • Improved Pyramid structure of the team over time. • Formed teams like Quality, Knowledge Management, Process Improvement and Event Management to have better engagement within the teams and driving excellence in all these areas. • Provide Technical Guidance to the team. • Involved in Quality Management, Knowledge management and employment engagement. • Involved in Performance reviews of all Team members. • Involved in all Project management related tasks.  Software Development Technical Manager  NTT Data Services -  September 2010 to May 2015    Team Size: 35 members Responsibilities: • Improved Pyramid structure of the team over time. • Involved in TIBCO RFPs. • Played a key role in moving more work to Offshore and owning the delivery from offshore. • Played a key role in wining Citibank tibco work which has grown to 80+ team over years. • Provide Technical Guidance to the team. • Train team in TIBCO technologies. • Involved in improving the stability of File Transfer application- heart of HPCH customer. • Involve in support and maintenance of existing applications. • Work on Solution Architecture diagram and Design document for some projects like Netpro2pdi, 1099 HC, Buy Direct, Global Logging Service etc • Provide integration support during QA, UAT and PROD testing and provide solutions. • Work on Incidents, Request Task and Task Orders. • Debug and resolve issues reported by client. • Work with different teams like DBA, Linux, storage teams • Worked on 1099 HC development from requirements till deployment using agile methodology. • Involved in migration of existing TIBCO BW & BWC applications from 5.2 & 5.6 to 5.9. • Develop Hawk rules to monitor BW services, log files, memory consumption, and notify in case of errors. • Involve in development, Design and deployment using TIBCO admin. • Review BW code and provide review comments. • Prepare deployment documents, checklist for UAT & prod and Support & transaction documents. • Involve in requirement gatherings, Design and coding. • Hiring resources.  Software Development Advisor/Lead  NTT Data Services -  June 2010 to August 2010  Team Size: 5 members Responsibilities: • Train team in TIBCO technologies. • Lead Integration/Tibco team. • Worked on 1099 HC development from requirements till deployment using agile methodology. • Involve in requirement gatherings, Design, coding and deployment.  Environment: Oracle SOA 12c, Oracle MFT 12c, Oracle Apex 5.0.0, TRA 5.7.0, TIBCO Designer 5.7.0, TIBCO Business Works 5.6/5.9.0, TIBCO Rendezvous 8.1.2, TIBCO EMS 8.0.0/8.4.0, TIBCO Administrator 5.7.0/5.9, TIBCO Hawk 4.8.1, TIBCO BWC 5.6.0/5.7, SVN, VSS, SQL server 2005, Harvest, OPAS Remedy, Oracle 10g etc  Client: Allstate, Mangalore, KA, India Allstate in one of largest insurance company in USA  Project: This project is all about production support to Iprocess and AMX components    Project Manager  Infosys Technology Ltd -  February 2010 to May 2010  Team Size: 9 members Responsibilities: • Involved in providing production support to Iprocess and AMX components. • Technical guidance to existing team members. • Build competency in Tibco Iprocess.  Environment: AMX 1.x, TIBCO IProcess 11.x  Client: Axis Capital, Alpharetta, GA AXIS Capital is the Bermuda-based holding company of the AXIS Group of Companies. AXIS Capital provides specialty insurance and treaty reinsurance on a worldwide basis through operating subsidiaries and branch networks based in Bermuda, the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Switzerland, Australia and Singapore.  Below are 2 projects which are parallelly executed and lead by me.  Infosys Technology Ltd -  Mangalore, Karnataka -  November 2002 to May 2010  Technical Lead  Infosys Technology Ltd -  July 2009 to January 2010  Team Size: 3 members Responsibilities: • Involve in understanding the requirement. • Work on BW design document for 5 integration interfaces. • Prepare the input and output schemas for all interfaces. • Integrate the new Concur Vendor (address and supplier details) with Sun system using FTP, File Poller, parsing of input file, grouping the records, transforming to Sun system format, call SSC webservices, generate report based on response and finally send the communication. • Build Common Web service for Encryption and Decryption of files. • Develop interface which synchronizes concur vendors with SSC process by pulling the vendor records from SSC using SSC webservice, transforming it and posting the same to Concur FTP site • Integrate Concur Account payable details with Sun system using FTP, File Poller, parsing of input file, grouping the records, transforming to Sun system format, call SSC webservices, generate report based on response and finally send the communication. • Include proper error handling and logging in the services and come up with common error handling framework. • Review the BW code and provide review comments. • Provide integration support during QA & UAT testing, provide the solution and fix the issues. • Develop Hawk rules to monitor BW services, log files and notify incase of errors.    • Prepare deployment documents, checklist for UAT & prod and Support & transaction document. • Deploy the BW code in Dev and QA environments.  Environment: TRA 5.6.0, TIBCO Designer 5.6.0, TIBCO Business Works 5.7.0, TIBCO Rendezvous 8.1.2, TIBCO EMS 5.0.0, TIBCO Administrator 5.6.0, TIBCO Hawk 4.8.1, VSS, SQL server 2005.  Client: PSSI, Jacksonville, FL PSS World Medical, Inc. (PSSI), is a distributor of medical supplies/products, equipment, and pharmaceutical related products to alternate-site healthcare providers, including physician offices, long-term care and assisted living facilities, home health care and hospice providers through 41 full-service distribution centers, which serve all 50 states throughout the United States.  Project: Contract Pricing and Rebate Process The objective of the Contract, Pricing and Rebate (CPR) Project is to design, develop and implement a system that maximizes margins and collects the most amount of chargebacks with a high degree of accuracy with the least amount of effort.  Technical Lead  Infosys Technology Ltd -  April 2009 to January 2010  Team Size: 8 members Responsibilities: • Involve in requirement gatherings and understanding. • Work on Solution Architecture diagram for entire project. • Work on BW design document for all the web services to be built. • iProcess procedure and decision rules design for workflow automation. • Prepare the input and output schemas for all web services. • Develop web services like Retrieve General Loss, Record General Loss, Update IRIS database, Communication service, Record financial loss, Retrieve financial loss, Retrieve CAT event details, Retrieve CAT layer specific loss info, Retrieve dairy workItem, Record Loss decision etc using TIBCO BW. There are additional services built for second phase. • Include proper error handling and logging in the services and come up with common error handling framework. • Work on Adapter design in syncing up the data between source and target system. • Work with SQL team to provide all requirements to develop stored procedures & views. • Review the BW code and provide review comments. • Integrate BW services with SQL server, UI (.net services) & Iprocess. • Develop Hawk rules to monitor BW services, log files and notify incase of errors. • Prepare deployment documents, checklist for UAT & prod and Support & transaction documents. • Deploy the BW code in Dev and QA environments. • Provide integration support during QA, UAT and PROD testing and provide solutions.  Environment: TRA 5.6.0, TIBCO Designer 5.6.0, TIBCO Business Works 5.7.0, TIBCO Rendezvous 8.1.2, TIBCO EMS 5.0.0, TIBCO Administrator 5.6.0, TIBCO Hawk 4.8.1, TIBCO iProcess Engine    11.0.1, TIBCO iProcess Workspace 11.0.0, TIBCO iProcess Decisions 4.1.1, TIBCO iProcess Decision Studio 4.1.1, TIBCO Decision Server plugin 10.3.0, TIBCO iProcess Technology Plug-ins 11.0.1, TIBCO iProcess Web Services Server Plug-in 10.6.1, VSS, SQL server 2005.  Project 02: Concur Invoicing Concur Invoicing is an on-demand, Web-based A/P application that will be implemented to automate the invoice approval and payment process. The application captures vendor/supplier invoice data, and delivers workflow and approval capabilities not currently implemented in the SunSystems AP module. The intent is to decrease potential fraud and mistakes, while increasing control, compliance and visibility into invoice payment The proposed Concur Invoicing (workflow) solution should accomplish the following business objectives: Automate the current procure-to-pay process; Deliver an online solution capable of providing a vehicle for employees to enter invoices, route them for approval and remind approvers when time has elapsed for approval; Provide a workflow whereby Axis management can approve invoices; Allow for the automatic monitoring of policies; Provide accounting information to the Sun GL for all A/P transactions; Monitor compliance to corporate policy and budget guidelines; Improve A/P process efficiencies (as compared to the current manual process) ;Provide the creation of Purchase Orders for the Information Technology department.  Senior GIS Consultant  Infosys Technology Ltd -  January 2009 to March 2009  Team Size: 4 members Responsibilities: • Gathered Business requirements and defined scope. • Worked on design document about the integration of the GIS (Gentran Integration Suite) • Developed mapping specifications for Transactions 845 & 849. • Trading partner co-ordinations. • Developed Business Processes in GIS which include BPs to pull files from VAN, BPs with FTP, SAP suite and SMTP adapters, mapping using GIS 4.x, troubleshooting Business processes etc.  Environment: Gentran Integration Suite (GIS) 4.2, SAP Suite Adapter.  Client: BP, Warrenville-IL BP is one of the world's largest energy companies, providing its customers with fuel for transportation, energy for heat and light, retail services and petrochemical products for everyday items. IST (Integrated Supply & Trading), a business unit within BP, manages the physical supply and trading business in geographic webs.  Project: PhysOps (Physical Operations program) PhysOps program of IST was created to identify the set of global business processes and applications that support the operations in managing physical oil supply and trading. Objective of Physops Program is 1) to capture and present near real-time, accurate information for use by personnel and systems, regarding physical hydrocarbon movements and stocks through all IST supply chains. 2) to create and deploy a 'best in class\" planning, forecasting, nominating, actualizing, scheduling and operations tool which supports processes and enables the ability for value creation.    As part of this program, BP has partnered with AspenTech to use Inventory Management & Operations Scheduling (IMOS) application to enable IST's physical operations. IMOS-core scheduling tool will be used to replace the existing system i.e. OPDS2 (Operations Planning and Data Systems)  Senior TIBCO Developer/Design Lead  Infosys Technology Ltd -  February 2006 to December 2008  Team Size: 34 members Responsibilities: • Reviewed the Interface requirement documents (IRD) and mapping sheets prepared by System Integration (SI) team. • Prepared Detailed Design Documents (D03) based on analysis of IRDs and mapping sheets. • Designed XML Schema Definitions (xsd) for message flows. • Interacted with Integration, Technical & data Architectures, System Integration team and also Business change Team (BCT) for all clarifications, demonstrations etc. • Prepared consolidated sheet for Subject names for all RV subjects, Queue names, Topic names, RVRD export/import etc. • Prepared Legacy Requirement documents (LRD) which includes changes in the legacy systems (here legacy systems are Vitria, MARS, SCADA, Refinery, Pipelines etc) • Updated the existing IRDs and mapping sheets for almost 40 interfaces based on interaction with Business Change Team (BCT) after SI team rolled off. • Prepared the detailed design documents for interfaces which involved FTP file, Excel sheet conversion to RV message, archiving messages in files etc. • Developed interfaces using TIBCO BW. • Reviewed the Code delivered based on Design documents. • Installed all TIBCO suites of products on DEV environment. • Deployed the delivered code in DEV environment and test the delivered code using GH Tester. • Worked on Integration scope Visio diagrams which include the Technical detail flows of all interfaces (almost 40) from source to target. • Involved in requirement gathering (preparing the IRD and mapping sheets) for new interfaces. • Prepared the process of Migrating VESTs (BW component which does Validation, Enrichment, Standardization and Transformation) to PVT (Pluggable VEST Template). Used Microsoft Visio for this purpose. • Prepared End to End flow diagrams (Visio) for all interfaces. • Provided guidance and support to Testing & Implementation teams in all design related and technical issues. • Designed TIBCO Hawk rulebases to monitor the TIBCO components. • Created scripts for creating users, queues, topics, bridges, routes, transports, permissions etc in EMS server. • Designed and developed Proof of Delivery (POD) tool. This is mainly used to track the life cycle of message and also for reconciliation of messages from Source to Target. Also prepared the configuration details document for POD tool. • Prepared the Interface Operational Guides (IOG) documents for all interfaces which explain all the end to end interface details from source to target, frequent exceptions & resolutions, team contact for exceptions.    • Provided error handling scenarios & resolutions for flows involving SAP and Vitria. Client appreciated the presentation. • Prepared Engine grouping, distribution of BW components across machines and Fault Tolerance. • Provided help, guidance to Service Management, BCT and testing teams in resolving problems during the UAT support cycle. • Provided Production Support in Early Life cycle for all integration issues. • Designed filtering for unwanted data that is passed by the source applications. • Lead Design team and had been single point of contact for any integration issues in all (almost 40) interfaces.  Environment: TRA 5.5.0/5.2.0, TIBCO Designer 5.5.0/5.2.0, TIBCO Business Works 5.3.3/5.2.0, TIBCO Rendezvous 7.5.2, TIBCO EMS 4.4.0/4.0.0, TIBCO Administrator 5.4.0/5.2.0, TIBCO Hawk 4.7.0/4.5.0, TIBCO ADB Adapter 5.2.2, GH Tester 3.2.3.1, Rational Clearcase 7.0.0.1, Daptiv PPM (previously eproject)  Software Designer  Infosys Technology Ltd -  March 2005 to January 2006  Team Size: 5 members Responsibilities: • Designed and developed Metadata Discovery Of OleDb (i.e. SQL, MS Access, MS Excel) tables, columns, Primary Keys, Views, Views' dependent tables, stored procedures & its parameters and persisting them in Metadata DB. • Created Unit test plans and test client for Metadata discovery using Nunit. • Developed Metadata Discover User interface (UI) part for Tables and Views • Designed and developed DDL Creation for Tables, Views and Cross Reference tables. • Designed and developed User Interface (UI) for DDL creation. • Created Unit test plans for DDL creation using Nunit. • Prepared Data Flow Diagrams (DFDs) for Security Reviews. • Integrated Metadata discovery with Klondike Studio Discovery Wizard Integration. • Created sample XML and XSD for the business Content Objects like Source System, Data Origin (DO), Subject Area, Reporting Area, Subject Matter (SM), Combined Data Origin (CDO), CDO - DO Mapping, CDO - SM Mapping and Parameterized Template • Template customization - Add, Delete & Move tasks in existing template • Coordinated with offshore team in extracting the Metadata of Info Objects, Info Cubes and ODS objects using SAP BAPIs and persisting them into Metadata DB. • Integrated SAP BW Metadata discovery with other discovery processes like Oledb, SAP etc. • Coordinated in SAP BW Data extraction. • A very good appreciation from Microsoft client for all the above tasks.  Environment: Whidbey (Microsoft Visual Studio .NET 2005), Yukon (SQL Server 2005), Source Depot (Microsoft's internal Source control system), C#, .Net  Software Designer  Infosys Technology Ltd -  January 2005 to February 2005    Team Size: 3 members Responsibilities: • Prepared the POC requirement, High level Design, Detailed design and Test Spec documents. • Developed .Net program using the Siebel Adapter to submit the Queries and return the results from Siebel Application. • Developed .Net program to extract metadata for the Siebel Integration Objects from Siebel Applications using the Siebel Adapter • Implemented the Classes SiebelConnection, SiebelCommand, SiebelDataReader, SiebelParameter, SiebelTransaction and SiebelParameterCollections which implements the ADO.Net interface IDbConnection, IDbCommand, IDbDataReader etc. All these classes are combined called as Siebel Adapter. All these classes are added as part of namespace SiebelProvider. • Developed content data Mappings from Siebel Data Structures to Subject Matters in BI/DW applications • Developed .Net program to post data into Siebel using components developed with Siebel Adapter. • Prepared the Knowledge Transfer documents i.e. Adapter_TechnicalOverview, Adapter_FunctionalOverview, Microsoft_Development_Environment_Setup, BI- DW_FunctionalOverview and ContentDevelopment_Methodology. These documents provide details of BDW, Adapter framework, architecture and mechanism to extract information from data origins to subject matters.  Environment: Siebel 7.7.1, Whidbey (Microsoft Visual Studio .NET 2005), Yukon (SQL Server 2005), Source Depot (Microsoft's internal source control system), C#, .Net 2.0.  Client: TIBCO Software Inc., India TIBCO Software Inc. (NASDAQ:TIBX) provides enterprise software that helps companies achieve service-oriented architecture (SOA) and business process management (BPM) success. With over 3, 000 customers and offices in 40 countries, TIBCO has given leading organizations around the world better awareness and agility-what TIBCO calls The Power of Now.  Project: Accord (Adapter Competency Center for Research and Development) The project involves Design, Development, Maintenance, Release Engineering, Testing, Quality Assurance, support and Documentation of TIBCO Adapters for ERP, Telecom and CRM applications. Primary focus is on development of TIBCO Adapters like SAP, Siebel, PeopleSoft, Oracle Applications, Lotus Notes, teradata etc. The software life cycle for each adapter would span requirement analysis to quality assurance and release to end users. It involves enhancement of the product, managing the adapters through the product Lifecycle, maintaining the product and providing solutions to TIBCO customers in their integration environment.  Developer/Lead Developer  Infosys Technology Ltd -  February 2003 to December 2004  Team Size: 8 members Responsibilities: • Prepared the Detailed design document of the 5.1.0 feature of Version Independence of Subscriber API's in TIBCO Adapter for Oracle Applications.    • Developed TIBCO Adapter for Oracle Application 5.1.0 features like Localization, GUI consistency, VSS integration, BW examples, password encryption, pre-defined API transaction support for Oracle Apps version 11.5.8 and fixed all open defects logged for previous versions. • Prepared Code review guide documentation for TIBCO Adapter for Oracle Applications 5.1.0. This document captures the code changes that are being implemented in 5.1.0 release. • Provided all required inputs for documentation team in preparing the TIBCO Adapter for Oracle Applications 5.1.0 Users guide and Examples guide. • Tested the 5.1.0 features like Support for AIX 5.2 and Support for Solaris 2.9. • Helped the Oracle Application Adapter Support team in providing guidance and resolving the critical issues faced by TIBCO customers in their integration environment. • Prepared ATTACK scripts for automating the unit tests for TIBCO Adapter for Lotus Notes 5.1.0 • Lead the team of 4-5 members during the TIBCO Adapter for Oracle Applications 5.2.0 release. • Prepared the plan for TIBCO Adapter for Oracle Applications 5.2.0 release which contains the estimates for enhanced changes, documents completion date, testing completion dates etc. • Prepared Detailed Design document and High Level design documents which involved enhanced features for TIBCO Adapter for Oracle Applications 5.2.0 release. • Developed TIBCO Adapter for Oracle Applications 5.2.0 features like End to End Traceability, Oracle Applications 11.5.9 Certification, Dynamically passing Concurrent Program parameters at Run time, PL\\SQL script changes for the all transactions changed in Oracle applications 11.5.9, Purge program to delete Interface Table Records, IM/BW Examples and fixing open defects in Siebel system logged against Oracle Apps Adapter. • Prepared Code review guide documentation for TIBCO Adapter for Oracle Applications 5.2.0. • Helped the Performance testing team in providing all the inputs, resolving all issues while testing the performance of TIBCO Adapter for Oracle Applications 5.2.0. • Provided all the required inputs for documentation team in updating the TIBCO Adapter for Oracle Applications 5.2.0 User's guide and Examples guide. • Arranged weekly status meeting within the team to get progress on the release and updated the same to TIBCO team and project management. • Transitioned the TIBCO adapter for Oracle Applications 5.2.0 features, its code level details to TIBCO team. • As Configuration Controller, performed CM audits and CM plan review.  Environment: Java, PL\\SQL coding, Oracle Applications 11i, TIBCO Administrator 5.1.0, TIBCO Designer 5.1.0, TIBCO Rendezvous 6.9, TRA 5.1.0, TIBCO BusinessWorks 5.0.0, TIBCO BusinessWorks 5.1.0, TIBCO Integration Manager 5.0.0, TIBCO Adapter for Oracle Applications 5.1.0, TIBCO Adapter for Oracle Applications 5.2.0, TIBCO Adapter for Lotus Notes 5.1.0, TIBCO Adapter for Activedatabase 5.1.0, TIBCO Adapter for Activedatabase 5.2.0, Red Hat Linux AS 3.0, AIX 5.2, Solaris 9, AIX 5.1, HP11i, Windows XP, Windows 2003.  Trainee  Infosys Technology Ltd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  November 2002 to January 2003  Infosys provided training to all freshers in different streams. Below are list of course names in Internet stream undergone during the training period: • ASP and Servlet Programming • Oracle 8i • Java Programming,    • HTML, DHTML & Java Script • Introduction to Web Architecture • Object Oriented Concepts • RDBMS • Finishing School-Interpersonal Effectiveness • User Interface Design  Siebel Adapter POC -  2002 to 2002  The project involves development of the .NET components to enable Microsoft applications and data warehouse connectivity with the leading LOB Apps. The first phase of the project will be a proof of concept where .NET components are developed to integrate and enable two-way communications between Microsoft BI/DW applications with Siebel Application  assist Claim handler  Reinsurance Claim WorkStation (RCWS) -  2001 to 2001  RCWS application is intended to improve the Claim's Business process through process improvement and automation. This application is designed to assist Claim handler to record the loss and reduce their dependency on the existing IRIS application. User is using IRIS application to record the Claims which does not support claim recording at loss level this cause duplication of General loss information.  The main objective of this application is to provide a rich user interface where user can get all possible information and the fields to record the loss. Various summary tables and automated calculations will assist user to record the claim/loss in more efficient manner. On technical front this application is based on BPM-SOA based architecture and it also provides integration with various enterprise systems like IRIS, RWS and CAT DB. This integration makes user task faster and easier.  Reinsurance Claim WorkStation (RCWS) -  Seattle, WA -  2001 to 2001  Seattle-WA Microsoft Corp is a product company involved in the development and sales of operating systems, browser and office applications.  Project 01: Klondike (Business Data integration & Datawarehouse Solution) Klondike is an endeavor of Microsoft Business Intelligence group to provide data warehousing solution that is integrated with Biz#, Share point portal and Microsoft Excel to supply decision making system with slice and dice reports. This solution enables decision makers to have a complete view of their business in their own terms. This project provides solution to problems like Business data being spread across different systems, different systems having proprietary access methods, different semantics etc, reference data being inconsistent across different systems, transactional systems being highly granular/detail oriented, often highly customized, changing over time, lagging behind changing view of business.    EDUCATION  Bachelor Of Technology( Computer Science)  JNTU  SKILLS  INTEGRATION (10+ years), INTEGRATOR (10+ years), LINUX (6 years), ORACLE (5 years), SOA (4 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS:  EAI Tools TIBCO Active Enterprise Suite: - - TIBCO Rendezvous 7.x/8.x, TIBCO EMS 4.x/5.x/6.x/8.x, - TIBCO Designer 5.x, TIBCO BusinessWorks 5.x - TIBCO Administrator 5.x, TIBCO Hawk 4.x, TIBCO Adapter for Files 5.x, - TIBCO Adapter for ActiveDatabase 5.x/6.x, TIBCO Business Event 5.x, - TIBCO Adapter for Oracle Applications 5.x, TIBCO Integration Manager 5.x - TIBCO Business Works Collaborator 5.x - TIBCO IProcess Suite 11.x, TIBCO IProcess Decisions 4.x - Green Hat Tester  Oracle SOA 12c: - Oracle BPEL, Oracle OSB, Oracle MFT, Oracle Mediator, Weblogic, Oracle Human Workflow, Oracle Business Rules, Oracle BAM, Oracle Adapters.  EDIFecs: - Specbuilder, Mapbuilder, EAM, XEServer, Transaction Manager, Trading Partner Management.  Mulesoft: - AnyPoint Studio, API Designer, API Manager, Monitoring, Mule Runtime Engine, Connectors, GIS: - Gentran Integration Suite 4.2 - SAP Suite Adapter  Programming Languages C, C++, C#, .Net 2.0, SQL, PL/SQL, Groovy, Drools and Java 1.4.x RDBMS Oracle, MS SQL Server 2000, MS SQL server 2005 XML XML, DTD, XSD, XPATH, XSLT  Operating Systems Windows […] Unix, HP-UX 11i, AIX, Solaris, and Linux Configuration Management Tools Visual Source Safe, SVN, Perforce, Daptiv and Clearcase Technology HTML, VBScript, JavaScript, VB, ASP, Visual Studio 2005 Package Oracle Applications […]
