Rayees Parwez Store Manager - Sales & Operations  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rayees-Parwez/a2c576bd71658aca  Looking part time job in Mumbai  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Store Manager - Sales & Operations  Al Dukan Retailing company(FMCG) (Dabbagh Group(Mecca -  November 2015 to February 2017  Job profile:  As a Store Manager-Sales I am responsible for sales, Handling, Motivating, Planning, Staffing, Inventory, Shrinkage & store Hygiene.  Job Description: . To achieve Targets . To Maintain Inventory and control Shrinkage . To ensure company policy and procedures are communicated in a better manner Followed & practiced and maintaining the store with good merchandising. . To ensure coordination and out come from team and ensuring team achieves tgts. . To ensure timely review and feedback takes place for all employees.  Tasks Undertaken: . Training & Mentoring . Manpower Planning . Merchandising . Operations  Area Sales Manager  Merik Health Food Pvt Ltd -  Delhi, Delhi -  2013 to 2015  As an Area Sales Manager the responsibilities include:  1. Managing C&FA, Stockists and number of Distributors, Retailers Profitably for achieving the overall business targets.  2. Setting and executing plans for Monthly sales targets according to the location and potential of the stores.  3. Keeping in consideration the offerings and strategies of competition to stay ahead.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rayees-Parwez/a2c576bd71658aca?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   4. Hiring and Training Staff according to the policies of company.  5. Motivating, encouraging, enabling staff for career growth and professional grooming.  6. Offering an environment of centralized organizational structure for effective communication among staff.  7. Implementing the Rules and Regulations set by management at every store for unanimity across the board.  8. Regularly visiting store for ensuring the proper guidelines are being followed by store staff.  9. Training staff for such customer service which helps to achieve the utmost customer satisfaction.  Assistant Manager(Department Manager)  Reliance Digital Retail Ltd -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  2010 to 2013  for CDIT Job Profile: As a Department Manager i am responsible for Sales, Profitability, Handling, Motivating and Staffing the team, planning and acheiveing budgeted target and as MOD(Manager on Duty) responsible for store opening and closing and handling customer issues and resolving them on time  Job Description: • To achieve the targets set for the store. • To control shrinkage in the store. • To ensure display of merchandise as per planogram. • To ensure the company policy and procedures are communicated in a timely manner to the subordinates and followed accordingly. • To communicate actual store sales compared to set targets to all relevant store employees on a daily basis and ensure achievement of targets. • To keep all the subordinates aware of all the in-store and competitors offers and promotions. • To ensure staff presentation is in line with company preferred standards. • To manage and motivate the store team to increase sales and ensure efficiency in customer service. • To ensure that the sales staff have all the required product knowledge. • To ensure customer service & product training is provided to all store employees. • To ensure timely review and feedback takes place for all store employees.  Tasks Undertaken: • Catchment Analysis • Market Mapping • Price and Product Tracking • Competition Mapping(Ad's & Promotions Tracker)    • Manpower & Shift Planning • Store Planning & Merchandising  Business Development Officer  COUNTRY CLUB INDIA LIMITED -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  March 2007 to November 2009  Key Responsibilities: Report to Manager & General Manager. Monitor Sr. Sales Exe, Sales Exe, Tele caller & Team Leader. Coordinate with Administration Department and operations departments. Prepare and update the contract rates and service contracts with client. Maintain inventory system and keep proper records of incoming and outgoing prospective customers. Make timely collection of payments from the end of the month as a target basis. Maintain records of incoming and outgoing mails.  EDUCATION  Diploma in Deck Cadet in Deck Cadet  Academy of Maritime Studies Pvt ltd New Delhi -  New Delhi, Delhi  2010  B.A  (B.S.K) College ( Vinoba Bhave University)  2004  High Secondary  2001  Diploma in computer application  Haji Qadam Rasool School  1998  SKILLS  Business Development (2 years), Relationship management (Less than 1 year)  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Human resource management  July 2018 to September 2018    Completed (SHRM) Strategic of Human resource management  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Areas of Expertise  Retail & operations  Area Management  ⇒ Business Development ⇒ Relationship management
