Atul Ranade National Training Manager - STRYKER INDIA PVT.LTD  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Atul-Ranade/cfd1fcf0ab58b5fb  WORK EXPERIENCE  National Training Manager  STRYKER INDIA PVT.LTD -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  January 2014 to Present  Lead effective selling skills and product training in all 4 regions for Field Sales Force and orthopedic surgeons. Continuously review territory performances and work closely with sales management to determine the necessary sales training to improve territory performance and execute desired training. Develop ongoing intermediate and advanced training programs.  Projects & Accomplishments: • Successfully trained 65 individuals from sales team in 2014. • Conducted certification process of training for all regions in 2014; 60 employees certified in training. • Successfully conducted cadaver course for first time in Goa Medical College with 25 orthopedic surgeons as participants and 6 orthopedic surgeon as faculty. • Conducted 2 WebEx every month for sales force delivered by surgeons. • Effective use of survey monkey to identify training needs. Survey helped to identify training needs of sales team.  Zonal Sales Manager  STRYKER INDIA PVT.LTD -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  January 2012 to December 2013  Successfully managed sales operations and key account management for orthopedic implants in Mumbai; ensuring wide distribution of products through effective market penetration. Developed and maintained relationships with clients & external associates and secured repeat business & long term customer loyalty within the industry while leading a sales team of 12 for west region. Recruited and developed new channels and executed distributor agreements.  Projects & Accomplishments: • Led and mentored a team of 12; of which 4 were elevated from TSM to ASM. • Achieved CAGR of 20% in 2 years. • Successfully conducted educational events with 200 orthopedic surgeons as participants in Pune Hip Meeting with 4 international surgeons. • Appointed 3 new distributors in west region for better reach and incremental business; achieved extra business of 1 crore in first year  Area Business Manager  STRYKER INDIA PVT.LTD -  Ahmedabad, Gujarat -  https://www.indeed.com/r/Atul-Ranade/cfd1fcf0ab58b5fb?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   January 2009 to December 2011  Developed business plans and sales strategy to ensure attainment of company sales goals & profitability for orthopedic implants products while leading a team of 4 sales representatives. Identified prospective clients, generated business from new accounts and develop them to achieve higher market share/ consistent profitability. Achieved projected sales goal monthly activation by converting competitive accounts, developing new business and organizing workshops and participated in conferences.  Projects & Accomplishments: • Achieved CAGR of 60% in Gujarat in 5 years • Developed new KOL network, achieving extra business of 2 crore. • Achieved a milestone in Gujarat business by increasing it from 1 crore to 10 crore in 5 years ( 2007-2011) • Successfully conducted 20 patient awareness camps in various parts of Gujarat. • Increased instrument utilization from 2 surgeries per set to 6 surgeries per month.  Territory Sales Manager  STRYKER INDIA PVT.LTD -  Ahmedabad, Gujarat -  August 2006 to December 2008  Developed market for orthopedic implants by exploring avenues, across Ahmedabad to meet the market demands in addition to regular sales and collections Identified and worked with strong/ cost-effective and reliable dealer network and established strategic alliances to facilitate deeper market penetration thereby enhanced sale. Established healthy business relations and developed excellent rapport to retain customers and provided excellent customer satisfaction.  Projects & Accomplishments: • Appointed 3 new distributors in Gujarat which resulted in growth of 30% in first year. • Achieved CAGR of 30% in 2 years. • Successfully conducted live surgery with KOL to create awareness of products. • Increased instrument utilization from 2 surgeries per set to 5 surgeries. • Creation of new territory like Surat, Baroda, Rajkot with incremental sales of 1 crore in 2007 • Organized live surgery symposium of designer surgeons including Dr.Wlliam Hozack-USA, Dr.George Kirsh- Australia and Dr.Guy Bellier-France.  Territory Sales Executive-Pune  SUZLER INDIA LTD -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  December 2000 to December 2002  Responsible for the maintenance and growth of sales of trauma implants in Pune region, including hiring, training, and managing Sales Executives. Established effective working relationships with surgeons in the territory, and managed business expenses with fiscal responsibility. Promoted the sales and service culture through coaching, guidance and staff motivation; achieved individual sales goals through new business sales, referrals, and retention of account relationships  Projects & Accomplishments: • Achieved CAGR of 30% in 2 years    • Converted 2 Key Opinion Leaders - incremental business of 50 lacs • Received award for selling highest trauma implants valued at 50 lacks in 2002  Territory Manager  JOHNSON & JOHNSON LTD -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  May 1997 to November 2000  Bangalore  Adroitly managed product portfolio and business development operations of orthopedic implants in Bangalore. Led efforts across conceptualizing & executing sales promotion campaigns to increase brand visibility; preparing product launches, inbound and outbound marketing information, managed health care and product positioning of new knee and hip systems  Projects & Accomplishments: • Successfully launched PFC knee in 1997 and achieved target of 50 knees in 1st year. • Supervised product installation and trained client staff. Maintained business through continuous follow up to ensure satisfaction. • Organized live surgery symposium of renowned orthopedic surgeon Dr. C. Ranawat from USA in Bangalore, 1998.  EDUCATION  Diploma in Marketing Management  Pune University -  Pune, Maharashtra  1996  B.Sc in Physics  Pune University -  Pune, Maharashtra  1995  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY  MS Office, Skype, WebEx, Survey Monkey tool for surveys
