Shalet Fernandes GM  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shalet- Fernandes/05bf6bab30a76cc4  • To work with a progressive organization which gives opportunity to utilize my skills and experience in achieving a common goal of growth of the organization and bright personal career.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Manager  One & Half Year of Direct Operation -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  2016 to Present  in West as well as through Channel Partners • Complete coverage of Western Markets focussed approach in understanding exact requirements • Establishment of the brand as a credible vendor in the West market and taking it to the next level. • Identification & reaching out to all major Architects, Designers, PMC's & Clients • Appointment of potential Channel Partners in the Western region • Execution of few key projects as well as medium sized projects • Efforts to place the brand at par with Mohawk, Tandus, Toli, Interface & Shaw • Perform sales activities on major accounts and negotiate sales price and discounts in consultation with the Asia Pacific Director. • Focus on customer satisfaction and needs, Provide customers with superior customer service through use of best practices and communication of the importance of superior customer service. • Liaise with Architects, PMC & Clients to generate the sales leads & work on the same. • Providing sales as well as mock up presentations to the client as well architects as and when required • Preparing of quotations/ participating in tenders . Managing of entire West Region Sales. Manage an assigned geographic sales area (West Region) to maximize sales revenues and meet corporate objectives. . Manage effective programs to compensate, coach, appraise and train sales personnel of Channel Partners. . Formulate all sales policies, practices and procedures. •••stablishing personal contact and rapport with top decision-makers. ••Collaborates with Director - Asia Pacific to develop sales strategies to improve market share in all product lines. . Establishing programs/seminars in the areas of new account sales and growth, sales of emerging products and multi-product sales, profitability, improved presentation strategies, competitive strategies, proper use and level of sales support, management of expenses and business/financial issues on contracts. ••Collaborate with Director to establish and control budgets for sales promotion and trade  https://www.indeed.com/r/Shalet-Fernandes/05bf6bab30a76cc4?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Shalet-Fernandes/05bf6bab30a76cc4?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   show expenses. • Review progress of sales performance monthly/quarterly and reporting the same to the management. • Accurately forecasts annual, quarterly and monthly revenue streams. • Develops specific plans to ensure revenue growth in all company's products. • Provide quarterly results assessments of sales staff's productivity. • Coordinates proper company resources to ensure efficient and stable sales results.  Rockworth Office Furniture Limited  GM  Seating World -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  March 2018 to August 2018  Administration • Manage an assigned geographic sales area or product line to maximize sales revenues and meet corporate objectives. • Establish and manage effective programs to compensate, coach, appraise and train sales personnel. • Performs sales activities on major accounts and negotiates sales price and discounts in consultation with the Branch Manager • Focus on customer satisfaction and needs, ensure that employees provide customers with superior customer service through use of best practices and communication of the importance of superior customer service. • Liaise with Architects, PMC & Clients to generate the sales leads & work on the same. • Providing sales as well as mock up presentations to the client as well architects as and when required • Preparing of quotations/ participating in tenders ••Collaborate with Director to establish and control budgets for sales promotion and trade show expenses. • Review progress of sales performance monthly/quarterly and reporting the same to the management. • Accurately forecasts annual, quarterly and monthly revenue streams. • Develops specific plans to ensure revenue growth in all company's products. •Interfacing with current high profile clientele and build new clientele base •Coordinating, assisting and representing store special events • Administration & Sales Co-ordiantion  Regional Sales Manager  Tuntex Commercial UK Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  April 2015 to April 2015  sales goals  PMC & Clients -  2015 to 2015    for the company. • Manage an assigned geographic sales area or product line to maximize sales revenues and meet corporate objectives. • Establish and manage effective programs to compensate, coach, appraise and train sales personnel. • Performs sales activities on major accounts and negotiates sales price and discounts in consultation with the Branch Manager • Focus on customer satisfaction and needs, ensure that employees provide customers with superior customer service through use of best practices and communication of the importance of superior customer service. • Liaise with Architects, PMC & Clients to generate the sales leads & work on the same. • Providing sales as well as mock up presentations to the client as well architects as and when required • Preparing of quotations/ participating in tenders • Review progress of sales performance monthly/quarterly and reporting the same to the management. • Preparing of quotations/ participating in tenders  Asst. Manager - Sales  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  February 2014 to February 2014  March  Asst Sales Manager - Retail  Workrite -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  June 2007 to January 2014  Projects • Attending the Showroom/walk-in customers/clients • Tracking inquiries / Preparing Price Quotes. • Maintaining Attendance & Expense records. • Organizing and leading a team of sales representatives. • Setting up sales targets for individual sales people and the team as a whole often according to guidelines and targets set by the Head Office. • Coordinating retail mock-ups, payments & deliveries. • Stock Maintenance - Coordinating retail stock movements & reports • Sales presentations & thereby promoting sales of the company. •Focus on customer satisfaction and needs, ensure that employees provide customers with superior customer service through use of best practices and communication of the importance of superior customer service. • Select, train, develop, and manage job performance of store employees, with assistance of other management personnel.  •Provide constructive suggestions and encouragement, set performance expectations, provide honest feedback, and identify assignments to provide others with developmental opportunities.    •Maintain positive working relationships with direct reports, supervisors, suppliers, and customers effectively handling complex or difficult situations involving others. •Providing strong leadership, coaching, training and development of store associates •Assisting in maximizing sales and profits •Interfacing with current high profile clientele and build new clientele base •Coordinating, assisting and representing store special events •Recruiting, Interviewing and hiring powerful sales and support associates •Utilizing excellent interpersonal, communication and problem resolution skills  Manager- Administration  Women Weave Charitable Trust -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  August 2002 to March 2007  • Day to day administration of the office • Managing Accounts and Finances at office in Mumbai and Maheshwar (M.P) • Coordinating with the Travel Agency for the booking of the tickets/ Arranging for the boarding & lodging of the consultants • Coordination with the inter departments for the office and department requirements • Keeping a track of the expenses of the office for every month and making budget estimation for the same • Preparing bank & ledger reconciliation statements • Maintaining Stock - Cost and Pricing • Weavers Accounts and Stocks • Coordinating with management committee to ensure smooth functioning of the Trust • Other Miscellaneous work necessary for the office . Project management/Preparing project reports on the completion of the projects . Sourcing clients . Coordinating between Consultants . Ensuring office systems are in place for the Charity Commissioner . Keeping up to date knowledge of accounts, applications to the Charity Commissioner . Order Management and Event Management . Preparation of the cost sheets of the expenses of the event and proper allocation of the expenses as per the budget . Understand Weaver costing . Post exhibition tie-ups for unsold stock . Invoicing and payment related activities i.e., making payments to the clients and the keeping a up-to-date record of the out standings. . Promotion of sales at the outlet as well as to the different stores . Keeping up-to-date account of the accounts of the goods sent on consignment as well as the follow -up for the payments (credit control)  Asst  Boston Education & Software Technologies Limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  October 2000 to August 2001  Administration & Accounts    • Day to day administration of the office • Managing Accounts and Finances of the various branches of the company in Mumbai • Coordinating with the Travel Agency for the booking of the tickets of the Directors of the company and the staff members. • Arranging the boarding and lodging of the Directors of the company and the staff members during the travel • Coordination with the inter departments for the office and department requirements • Responsible for the Financial Control & Accounting of the Company's Career Education Division's franchisees numbering about 100 in operation (All India) • Co-ordination with Regional & Area Managers for fee control of all franchisees, submission of Daily Collection reports and fee receipts for proper centralized accounting, ensuring deposition of collection amounts into collection bank accounts. • Passing of Journal vouchers for debit/credit notes raised. • Preparation of Bank Reconciliation Statements and Outstanding Reports of the creditors/ disbursement of cash and preparing daily cash/funds flow statements. • Data Entries and follow up for the collection reports & daily reports. on receipt of the same checking and reporting it to the management. • Transfer of funds to the bank on weekly basis and informing the management about the bank position so as to enable the credibility of the company.  Accounts cum Admin  Mahendra Jewels Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  July 1998 to September 2000  Executive • Handling computerized accounting • Preparation of Bank Reconciliation and Ledger Reconciliation Statements. • Maintaining Petty cash book, Bank book & Ledger accounts. • Preparation of export invoices, debtor's confirmation reports, and passing of Journal entries. • Scrutinizing Debtors and Expense Ledger. • Making payment to the creditors & preparing the outstanding report of the creditors on fortnightly basis. • Looking after cash & bank transaction, cash disbursements, preparation of cash/fund flow statements • Handling petty cash and verification of the cash. • Checking the bank position everyday and preparing report on it and reporting to the management for the smooth functioning of the organization. • Handling office correspondence, filing, opening of new bank accounts etc.  EDUCATION  LL.B.  S.D.M. Law College -  Mangalore, Karnataka  April 1998  B.com in Accounting    St. Aloysius College -  Mangalore, Karnataka  April 1994  SKILLS  FOXPRO (Less than 1 year), OUTLOOK (Less than 1 year), POWERPOINT (Less than 1 year), Tally (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skills Computer Skills: • Ms-office (Ms-word XP, Ms-excel, Ms-outlook, Ms-powerpoint) • Tally version 7.3 • Lotus/Wordstar • Foxpro • Internet  Technical Skills: • Junior Grade English Typewriting
