Shujatali Kazi Senior manager Sales & marketing  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shujatali-Kazi/8c4de00326a30a45  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior manager Sales & marketing  AOPL  Looking after sales and marketing business.  Branch Manager  SHREE SANT KRIPA APPL PVT LTD -  February 2012 to February 2016  Significant Responsibilities: ◆ Responsible for heading up expansion in new markets as well as expansion among existing clients. ◆ Drive peak performance and sales success across the organization. Create, negotiate and close commercial agreements. ◆ Instrumental in devising and implementing the strategy for meeting sales performance targets. Analyse and plan innovative strategies of selling.  Area Sales Manager  VIDEOCON INDUSTRIES LTD -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  January 2011 to January 2012  Significant Responsibilities: ◆ Accountable for Mumbai Operation, Business Development, Client Relationship, Team Management, Sales & Marketing. ◆ Developing New Dealer Network for Mumbai and circulating a proper flow of sale. ◆ Involved in preparation of business plans & feasibility studies for benchmarking future business projections. ◆ Update the pricing as received from time to time, inclusive of clauses in settlement of warranty claims. ◆ Act as 'trend-watcher' to track competition and update on market share metrics. ◆ Providing an in shop demonstrator so to execute a fast sale & to have a proper track of the sales of the particular counter. ◆ Efficiently conceptualizing, implementing and monitoring of winning business strategies to drive growth in business volumes as well as profitability & revenue generation.  Area Sales Manager  https://www.indeed.com/r/Shujatali-Kazi/8c4de00326a30a45?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   SALORA INTERNATIONAL LTD -  December 2007 to July 2010  Significant Responsibilities: ◆ Undertook responsibility of developing new distributor network for Maharashtra & Goa. ◆ Keeping a right track in clearing the old stock while formulating the new models of Moserbaer. ◆ Preparing pricing, input / change of pricing structure to maximize gross margins. ◆ Visiting locations for updates to ensure smooth functioning of operations for business growth. ◆ Adhering to Warranty Procedures for optimizing operational effectiveness. ◆ Monitor financial aspects of Contracts & validate Incentive claims. ◆ Analysing data to create market brand visibility & ensure profitability.  Area Sales Manager  MITASHI EDUTAINMENT PVT. LTD -  September 2001 to November 2007  Significant Responsibilities: ◆ Responsible for Operation, Team Management, Sales and Marketing. ◆ Provided inputs for structuring annual budget, refining it and presenting the same to the CEO. ◆ Formulated new product development strategies & old stock clearing to create market brand visibility. ◆ Handling the planning, execution and evaluation of campaign programs. ◆ Was a 'Key Person' for making field reports & submission of warranty claims. ◆ Contributed towards framing of contracts and sales proposals for individual & corporate customers.  Significant Achievements: ◆ Successfully launched innovative marketing strategies for new upcoming products like LCD screen Television and Home Theatre in Metro cities. ◆ Achieved revenue targets from all the locations through close coordination. ◆ Design new solutions to improve Business Efficiency & Productivity. ◆ Was a 'Key Person' for launching products through Air, TV channels, Railway stations marketing & Tempo advertisement. ◆ Trainer for new recruits.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Commerce in Electronics of TV and Audio servicing  Kanpur University -  Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh  1994
