Harinath Rudra Manager  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Harinath-Rudra/7c4ee202549ec8f0  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - Nashik, Maharashtra - Hyderabad, Telangana  WORK EXPERIENCE  Manager  R Mediaaz Printers & Graphic Designers  Working as a Business Head, Handling Sales, Services, Production of entire business.  Sr.Manager  Reliance Communication Limitied -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  September 2011 to December 2013  Acquisition of new Customers/Business through Direct Sales Team (DST Business ) and Direct Sales Associates (DSA Business)  Senior Manager  M/s Onestopshop Pvt Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  June 2009 to January 2011  Key Tasks ⇨ Responsible for Revenue & Sales, Appointment of new Franchisees/Retailers, DSA's, Distributors. with help of Sales Team. ⇨ Responsible for penetration of E-Prepaid Mobile Recharge Business in entire Maharashtra excluding Mumbai. ⇨ Handled a team size of 6 Zonal Managers and ensured that they fulfill their targets, responsibilities and reporting as per the organization terms and conditions. ⇨ Ensuring healthy relation with channel partners and retailers by meeting them on a regular basis. ⇨ Designing and implementing sales promotional budgets for promotional activities and target incentives. ⇨ Ensuring timely coordination with Commercial dept, Finance Dept for Team & channel partners pending outstandings. ⇨ Ensuring proper updates of MIS's from back office team for timely corrections and rectifications in business and reporting to Business Head. Notable Contributions ⇨ Developed a complaint handling process for quick feedback to business partners (Mobile Recharge Business) ⇨ Developed escalation strategy in reporting process (Mobile Recharge Business) ⇨ Instrumental in growth of Mobile Recharge business by 5% month on month.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Harinath-Rudra/7c4ee202549ec8f0?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ⇨ Introduced Physical Products sale of telecom operators (like prepaid and post paid sim connections)  Deputy Sales Manager  M/s Reliance Communication Limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  February 2008 to June 2009  Key Tasks ⇨ Responsible to handle Direct Sales of (C1-Belapur Cluster) with the help of Direct Sales team and DSA's team. ⇨ Handled a team size of 2 ASMs, 6 Associate managers and 50 Business Executives. ⇨ Ensuring proper and timely reporting system for team members and taking required rectifications as per the situation and team member. ⇨ Ensuring regular Morning, Evening and Nukked meetings. ⇨ Designing and implementing Promotional activities such as road show, exhibitions, promotions at shopping malls etc. ⇨ Responsibility to manage Channel Partners business as per the organizations terms and conditions and ensuring profitability of channel partners. ⇨ Responsible for recruiting, training, motivating and retaining the team and maintaining a desired set of team set by the management and reporting to Circle Sales Head and Cluster head. ⇨ Ensuring timely coordination with HR Dept for appointment letters of new selected candidates and ensuring timely payments to team members. ⇨ Coordinating with back office team for smooth operations in activation process, MIS and CV (Credit Verification) Notable Contributions ⇨ Introduced a concept of corporate individual customers, organized promotional activities in several industrial and commercial locations. ⇨ Re-structured entire Sales Team and reduced cost of acquisition from Rs.3200 to Rs.2200.  Territory Sales Manager  BPL Mobile Communication Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  October 2005 to February 2008  Key Tasks ⇨ Responsibility to handle DSA business through Direct Sales Associates to achieve targets set by management on daily, Monthly and Quarterly basis and reporting to sales head DSA. ⇨ Ensuring entire team of DSA's to fulfill their responsibilities and targets with proper commitments to customers. ⇨ Job involves recruiting, training, motivating and retaining the team and maintaining a desired set of team set by the management. ⇨ Coordinating with DSA's back office team for smooth operations in activation process and CV (Credit Verification) regarding the unresolved issues to get it resolved faster and smoothly. ⇨ Interacting with Commercial dept and Finance Dept regarding DSA's pending Outstanding Commissions. ⇨ Generating Additional business with sub DSA's. Notable Contributions ⇨ Successfully developed 3 non performing Channel Partner from scratch to profitable Partner.    ⇨ Appointed 5 new DSA's in western and central Mumbai. ⇨ Rated as Met Objectives for last three consecutive quarters.  Channel Manager  M/s Page Point Services India Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  January 2002 to September 2005  Hot Line Paging - Motorola Joint Venture)  Key Tasks ⇨ Responsibility to handle distributors and retailers (channel sales) of central region of Mumbai. ⇨ Responsibility to appoint and maintain new retailers, dealers and distributors for acquisition of new customers. ⇨ Responsible to visit distributors, dealers and retailers on regular basis & ensuring through coverage of territory beat by beat ⇨ Ensuring for optimum utilization of sales promotion budget to achieve given target and successfully implementation of dealer/distributor trade scheme and customer offers. ⇨ Ensuring proper merchandising, window display of products & ensuring availability of stock at all retailers/dealers counters. ⇨ Training and educating dealers about products and services, and getting their sensible feedback/market information and forwarding to the management. ⇨ Actively involved in marketing team for Designing exhibition counters in major exhibition centers like world trade centre, Nehru centre, BKC exhibition hall etc Notable Contributions ⇨ Significantly started business with scratch in competition stronghold territory and successful in getting respectable figures against negative market trend. ⇨ Distinctively promoted as Channel Manager from Retail Manager in the month of April 2004. ⇨ Awarded as best sales person of month in Dec' 2002. ⇨ Instrumental in big success of\" SONE KA SIKKA SCHEME \"sales incentives to retailers and distributors.  Assistant Sales Manager  M/s Electro India Telecom Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  May 1997 to December 2001  Key Tasks ⇨ Responsibility to handle direct sales. ⇨ Responsibility to Meeting concern authorities of MTNL and generating prospective customers list. ⇨ Assisting retailer to set up a communication centres in Mumbai territory. ⇨ Responsible to visit dealers/distributors regularly and ensuring thorough coverage by managing, widening and developing dealer's network. ⇨ Ensuring proper merchandising and window display of products and ensuring timely availability of stock at all retailers/dealers counters. ⇨ Ensure market reputation for organisation in terms of after sales service, service feedbacks and market updates. Notable Contributions    ⇨ Promoted as Assistant Sales Manager in 2000 from Sr.Sales Executive. ⇨ Instrumental in grand launch of new range of Basic Telephone instruments introduced for the first time in channel sales of the organization. Thank You.  EDUCATION  B.Com  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1997  SKILLS  Microsoft Office, Coreldraw, Photoshop (5 years)
