Ravi Shahade 9 years of experience in industrial selling.  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ravi-Shahade/2185c4634bdbc4c0  Looking for a challenging position with responsibilities of creativity, innovation, and team building by implementing new ideas and leadership quality. Interested to work on innovative projects.  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Pune, Maharashtra - Barodra, Gujarat  WORK EXPERIENCE  Assistant Manager  ASHAPURA MINECHEM LTD -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  May 2016 to Present  Type of Business: (ISO 9001-2000 Company) Manufacturers of china clay, Bentonite, Baxuite. BSE listed company having turnover of 3000 crores with 12 mines all over India.Worlds 3rd largest manufacturers of Bentonite  Roles and responsibility:. ❖ Direct selling of China Clay to paint and rubber manufacturing industries. ❖ To handle distributor network ❖ To coordinate with the logistics for despatches ❖ To arrange the technical trial at customer end ❖ To send quotations and Payment fallow up ❖ Key account management and techno commercial discussion with the customers BDC DISTRIBUTION PVT.LTD Type of Business: (ISO 9001-2000 Company) DISTRIBUTOR OF SHEPHERD COLOR COMPANY, USA Manufacturer of complex inorganic color pigments, MNO2 AND Wacker Chemie, Germany-Manufacturers of ethyl silicate. Binders for construction chemicals Roles and responsibility:. ❖ Direct selling of inorganic pigments to paint and coil coatings, Plastic Master batches manufacturing industry ❖ To sell MNO2 to polysulphide Sealants manufacturing industry. ❖ To Sell Ethyl silicate to anticorrosive paint manufacturing industry. ❖ To Sell binders to construction chemicals manufacturing industry.ss ❖ To send quotations and Payment fallow up ❖ Key account management  technical sales executive  BDC Distribution pvery  raw materials sell to paint and coating industry  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ravi-Shahade/2185c4634bdbc4c0?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   EDUCATION  MBA  Nagpur University -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  June 2009  BSC in CHEMISTRY  Nagpur university -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  2007  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  diploma in paint technology  April 2016 to Present  diploma in paint technology
