New folder (4)/Ajit-Kumar (1).pdf Ajit Kumar Sales Manager- Sale- West India  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ajit-Kumar/bb575ae82e0daffa  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Delhi - Gurgaon, Haryana  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales manager  Mks global logistics India Pvt Ltd  Highlights across Career Path: Deputy Manager- Sale- West India ❒ Responsible for securing, managing and developing existing corporate clients and maximising profit and Growth through the formulation and development of new plans, initiatives, long-term client relationships Business strategies. Analyzing management data and identifying trends and opportunities. Conducting Regular business. ❒ Preparing Month wise Target Plans in accordance with the parameters set by the Management and also tracking the same to assess whether the same is achieved or not. ❒ Weekly basis meeting with operation team for smooth handling of client biz support and on time delivery. ❒ To play a role in team and work as a team which enhances the productivity of the team. ❒ Understand the requirement of customers as and provide the support time on time to smooth functioning. ❒ Submitting weekly basis growth plan to GM-Sales West India  Deputy Manager- Sale- West India  Toll global forwarding India Pvt Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  September 2017 to April 2018  September 2017 to May 2018 with Toll Global Forwarding India Pvt. Ltd  Highlights across Career Path: Deputy Manager- Sale- West India ❒ Responsible for securing, managing and developing existing corporate clients and maximising profit and Growth through the formulation and development of new plans, initiatives, long-term client relationships Business strategies. Analyzing management data and identifying trends and opportunities. Conducting Regular business. ❒ Preparing Month wise Target Plans in accordance with the parameters set by the Management and also tracking the same to assess whether the same is achieved or not.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ajit-Kumar/bb575ae82e0daffa?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ❒ Weekly basis meeting with operation team for smooth handling of client biz support and on time delivery. ❒ To play a role in team and work as a team which enhances the productivity of the team. ❒ Understand the requirement of customers as and provide the support time on time to smooth functioning. ❒ Submitting weekly basis growth plan to GM-Sales West India.  Deputy Manager- Sales & Marketing  Haiko Logistics India Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  December 2016 to September 2017  - Mumbai ❒ Responsible for securing, managing and developing existing corporate clients and maximising profit and Growth through the formulation and development of new plans, initiatives, long-term client relationships Business strategies. Analyzing management data and identifying trends and opportunities. Conducting Regular business. ❒ Preparing Month wise Target Plans in accordance with the parameters set by the Management and also tracking the same to assess whether the same is achieved or not. ❒ Weekly basis meeting with operation team for smooth handling of client biz support and on time delivery. ❒ To play a role in team and work as a team which enhances the productivity of the team. ❒ Understand the requirement of customers as and provide the support time on time to smooth functioning. ❒ Submitting weekly basis growth plan to west india director.  Asst. Manager- Sales & Marketing  SBS Transpole Logistics Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  April 2010 to November 2016  - Mumbai ❒ Responsible for securing, managing and developing existing clients and maximising profit and growth, through the formulation and development of new plans, initiatives, long-term client relationships and key Business strategies. Analyzing management data and identifying trends and opportunities. Conducting Regular business. ❒ Preparing Month wise Target Plans in accordance with the parameters set by the Management and also tracking the same to assess whether the same is achieved or not. ❒ Handling corporate projects like Gammon India Ltd Africa project, IndusInd Media (In Cable) setup box project. ❒ To play a role in team and work as a team which enhances the productivity of the team. ❒ Understand the requirement of customers and provide the support time on time to smooth functioning. ❒ Handling team of Sales Executive.    Sales Representative  Ghari Detergent Pvt. Ltd. Now -  Delhi, Delhi -  April 2009 to March 2010  - Delhi • Handling outlets of a distributors area • Ensure achievement of primary and secondary targets, visibility and distribution expansion within the territory to achieve the business objectives Enhance Distribution network, by focusing on distribution. Enhance visibility of products, through merchandising aids & activities. Implement activities, and Key accounts activities; Implement Launch plan for new products; Focus on Key brands. • Responsible for new outlet addition month on month as per norms decided by the company. • Liaising with suppliers to check the progress of existing orders.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Science in Electronics  DBS P.G. College Kanpur University -  Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh  2006  marks  U.P. board -  Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh  2003  SKILLS  DOS (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS POWERPOINT (Less than 1 year), MS WORD (Less than 1 year), OUTLOOK (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  IT Skill's  ❒ Well versed with DOS/ MS WINDOWS/ MS WORD/ EXCEL/ MS POWERPOINT/OUTLOOK/ INTERNET.  Personal Dossier  Father Name: Mr. R.S. Verma    New folder (4)/Amith-Panicker.pdf Amith Panicker A Self Driven and Self Motivated Top Performing individual with over 15 years Direct/Corporate/Enterprises/Retail Business Development and Client Servicing experience, enabling startup and established companies to increase leads, Sales Volume and after sales revenue.  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Amith- Panicker/981f4973e193d949  WORK EXPERIENCE  Head-Business Unit  Smollan Group(South African MNC) -  Mumbai  Current Responsibilities: To provide leadership through development and implementation of business strategies, plans and tactics towards maximization of revenue, profits and customer satisfaction.  〓 Deliver Topline & Bottomline , Specific targets & manage overhead 〓 Market Share Growth of Focussed Brands 〓 Sales Volume Growth of Targeted Brands of Client. 〓 Maintaining Quality Standards of the Brands against Competition Products 〓 Ensuring Ample and Timely Distribution of SKUs. 〓 Visibility to be 100% as per standards and norms 〓 Ensure comprehensive understanding of client’s business objectives 〓 Draft performance plans & implement action plans as per client guidelines 〓 Identify and manage execution gaps & opportunities 〓 Compliance to manning ratios on field 〓 Analyse trends and identify opportunities for growth - cascade the same to relevant stakeholders 〓 Facilitate achievement of business objectives by adhering to right systems and processes 〓 Activate all safety, business ethics, and commercial policies for his Reportees. 〓 Manages work schedule of the Managers, Downlines. 〓 Cascades MOC activities to ensure execution of the highest standards. 〓 Update and Advise the clients on competitor activity with Analysis.  〓 Review Performance with Client Senior Management team and Channel/Brand Team 〓 Manage effective flow of information. 〓 Adhere to contact strategy norms 〓 Keep an account of HHT for the Business 〓 Availability:  o Leads on-shelf/counter availability & coordinates with teams to meet Clients need 〓 Implementation: o Tracks implementation (promos, new launches) to ensure compliance to set guidelines, takes prompt action to correct problems o Follows up with relevant stake holders to close gaps and ensure continuous improvement in store promotions 〓 Understands retail environment and builds into counter sales and execution strategy 〓 Understands the product range and ensures the appropriate sales approach is followed according to brand guidelines  https://www.indeed.com/r/Amith-Panicker/981f4973e193d949?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Amith-Panicker/981f4973e193d949?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   〓 Aligns with USL team to drive off-take targets 〓 Adheres to timelines of key (starred) activities 〓 Closes issues relating to product listing, permissions, damaged returns, short supply, supply chain, etc 〓 Ensures team has right capabilities, skills, resources and information to deliver business objectives 〓 Manages team performance and motivation 〓 Ensures discipline in the workplace 〓 Ensures HHT usage and accuracy of data captured 〓 Analyze reports to take corrective actions to close gaps  National Head-Postpaid  AGM/DGM -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  December 2013 to January 2016  Mumbai  ➢ The primary objective is to Manage/Support/Enhance Voice and data products and create awareness of the brand and products among the clients Nationally through a team of Vertical Heads, ASM's, KAM's and RM's along with Channel Partners and Direct Sales Teams. ➢ Designing and ensuring compliance of Crack Sales System norms and Client Servicing norms circle and state wise across India. ➢ Rolling out National Contests to ensure consistency and growth in business development and client servicing. ➢ Designing and rolling out targets as per circle and state dynamics and ensuring achievement as per the norms. ➢ Rolling out productivity norms of manpower with regards to client acquisition and Client servicing and ensuring compliance ➢ The team's Prime responsibility is enabling acquisition and increasing revenue of the products assigned by taking new initiatives. ➢ Achieve Gross Adds and Revenue from Corporate Accounts through a team of Vertical Heads, ASM's, KAM's and RM's along with Channel Partners and Direct Sales Teams. ➢ IT support to Sales and Service team through IT Systems like Lead Management System, Key Account Management System, Mobile App Etc. ➢ To increase the share of client through Channel Expansion and productivity enhancement to increase Revenue Market Share through high revenue solutions and VAS penetration.  ➢ To service the customers/clients through Account Management, problem resolution.  Manager/Senior Manager  AGM/DGM -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  August 2008 to 2013  Mumbai    ➢ The primary objective is to Manage/Support/Enhance Voice and data products and creates awareness of the brand and products among the customers through a team of Key Account Managers/Channel Partners and Direct Sales Teams. ➢ The team's Prime responsibility is enabling acquisition and increasing revenue of the products assigned by taking new initiatives.  ➢ Achieve Gross Adds and Revenue from Corporate Accounts through a team of KAM's/Channel  Partners and Direct Sales Teams,  ➢ Outbound Sales to build Mobility business with achievement of Gross Adds and Revenue as per the target. ➢ To increase the share of account through Channel Expansion and productivity enhancement to increase Revenue Market Share through high revenue solutions and VAS penetration.  ➢ To service the customers through Account Management, problem resolution.  ➢ To lead Channel Management for reach, penetration, payouts, channel ROIs, CAD productivity Training  Corporate Sales Manager  Bharti AirTel Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2006 to August 2008  Pune: (Key Account Manager)  ➢ Sales-Corporate: Telecommunication  Work Description: Take the lead role in selling Post Paid Connections/Black Berry/FWP/ Data Cards to prospective Corporate along with managing a Team of 30 executives and 4 Team Leaders within an assigned geographical region. ➢ Responsibility for the sales process from initial point of contact (lead generation), presentations, proposals, through contract negotiations and execution.  ➢ Meet/exceed minimum monthly/quarterly and annual sales objectives.  ➢ Work closely with the operational and tele-services teams; utilize relationships to ensure that product implementation schedules are met.  ➢ Facilitate strategic partners' resources to assist in the sales process.  ➢ Engage, equip, and lead all Sales Teams with appropriate training, tools, and strategy development for selling Bharti AirTel Products.  Unit Manager  Standard Chartered Finance Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  March 2004 to July 2006    Pune MH - Pune  ➢ Acquisition and Management of Corporate and Retail Clients.  ➢ Initialized new corporate programmes and banking relations with large corporate like ZENSAR, WIPRO, GEOMETRIC SOFTWARE, SUZLON ENERGY, Cognizant, Infosys, KPIT, TCS, Patni, Kanbay, UGS, Syntel, Persistent, Veritas, Tech Mahindra, Idea, Honeywel Etc  ➢ Achieved continuous E+ rating month on month as per the banks norms.  ➢ Suggested new ideas like pre-embossed programs for big MNC companies, which helped in achieving the monthly gross and Revenue targets  ➢ Consistent good performance since joining the organization.  ➢ Maintained good corporate and retail relationships  ➢ Groomed the new recruits.  ➢ Reduced cost per account and client.  ➢ Handled a team of 10-15 Sales officers.  Area Executive  Godrej and Boyce Mfg -  December 1999 to December 2003  Sales and distribution along with client relationship and retention for Godrej Office automation and Training Products. ● Increased regional sales by 11%.  ● Worked with Sales service team to achieve the monthly targets.  ● Worked as Area Executive with the sales team, job profile included Market penetration analysis, requirement identification and attending Prospective calls and their requirements.  ● Established a strong presence of Godrej products in the market.  ● Assisted in the development of several new major schemes to cajole the Requirements of the consumers.  ● Tracked and reported all marketing efforts of the competitors.  EDUCATION  Diploma in Business Management  ICFAI -  Mumbai, Maharashtra    2011  Master of Finance in Finance and control  Panjab University -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh  1999  Bachelor Of Commerce in Commerce  Panjab University -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh  1997  High School Diploma in Commerce  Central School -  Jaipur, Rajasthan  1994  SKILLS  SALES (10+ years), KEY ACCOUNT (3 years), ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT (3 years), Retail Execution (3 years), FMCG (3 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Summary of Skills  ◦ Market Share Growth,  ◦ Client acquisition  ◦ Merchandising and Promotion,  ◦ Distribution Management  ◦ Category Management  ◦ Business Development and Distribution  ◦ Strategic partnerships  ◦ Sales Strategy Planning  ◦ Enterprise Solutions.  ◦ Manager's Manager  ◦ Client Servicing.    ◦ Data Services Specialist  ◦ Key Account Management  ◦ Man Management  ◦ Negotiation skills  ◦ Order influencing and stock management.  ◦ Field Sales and retail execution  ◦ Project Management.  ◦ Brand Building.  Accomplishments Sales  ● Increased annual gross sales by 25% YOY.  ● Highest Contribution in terms of Corporate/Enterprise/Retail Business Nationally Across India in Post-paid business.  ● Achieved status as one of the top sales performers at a National Level  ● Assisted in planning and executing Road-shows and in-house (corporate/Retail) promotional events Nationally  ● Managing the biggest team comprising of 22 Vertical Heads and 157 ASM's Across India with more than 1600 feet on Street. ● Supervised creation of marketing strategies/plans/ tariffs and client Servicing models and ensured operations were within budget constraints.  ● Managed and serviced over 1500+ large accounts for Business Development and cross selling through teams nationally  Computer Skills  Diploma in network centred computing, Includes,  (Computer overview, DOS, Computer concepts, LAN, Windows NT/98, Networking Essentials, MS- word, MS-access, MS-excel, MS Power point, Internet, Multimedia, Unix, Programming Logic and techniques, RDBMS Concepts, Sybase SQL server, C++ Programming, Software Engineering, SEI CMM & ISO Concepts, VB6)  Projects: ISAS of influence of Internet on computing and importance of local area network.    New folder (4)/Brijesh-Shetty.pdf Brijesh Shetty Head of Sales and Marketing  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Brijesh-Shetty/47b57e90df58c7ea  WORK EXPERIENCE  Head of Sales and Marketing  NYC LLC -  Dubai, AE -  April 2008 to December 2016  * Experience in territorial marketing, account management, client relations and retention * Writing detailed sales forecast report for senior company managers * Gathering industry data and analyzing 'spend patterns' to highlight the potential for future growth * Communicating new products to potential clients * Proven ability to maximize sales opportunities by creating professional sales script and building rapport with potential new and also existing customers * Representing the company at trade fairs and exhibitions * Launching and distribution of company product to over 300 accounts * Involved in the recruitment and interviewing of sales staff * Negotiated loyalty programmes with our national vendors * Researched/analyzed the market to understand business competition/trends * Regularly liaised with our suppliers to ensure the progress of existing orders * Involved in the recording and administration of sales by forwarding reports and copies to the sales office * Provided customers with competitive quotations * Responsible for forecasting market trends * Making sure products and services are supplied to customers on time  Sales Manager  Masako LLC -  December 2005 to March 2008  * Responsible for obtaining profitable results through the sales team by developing the team through motivation, counselling, skills development and product knowledge development * Managed the sales administration function, operational performance reporting, streamlining processes and systems wherever possible, and advising senior management on maximizing business relationships * Responsible for managing the sales team, developing a business plan covering sales, revenue, and expense controls, meeting agreed targets * Assisted in the development of the annual marketing plan, specifically advising on: realistic forecasts for each product and territory (based on historical data, market trends, competitive activity, promotional strategy and sales effort), realistic costs of operating the sales force; and sales promotion programme plans  https://www.indeed.com/r/Brijesh-Shetty/47b57e90df58c7ea?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   * Responsible for the planning, recruitment, direction, organization and control of sales managers and sales representatives to accomplish specific objectives * Responsible for monitoring the performance of the sales team by establishing a system of reports and communications involving sales reports, cyclical sales meetings, sales newsletters and electronic bulletins  Finance Manager  G.K International -  Dubai, AE -  September 2001 to November 2005  • Prepared monthly analysis of cost of goods sold and operational expenses against prior year and budget, providing explanations and business solutions to help mitigate the risks • Partnered with Product Management and Purchasing Team in determining financial impact due to product cost reductions, new product roll out, etc. and prepare periodic forecasts to update management on projected results • Analyzed financial performance against key business metrics and document pertinent financial highlights that will enable management to determine progress against budgets • Identified, investigated, and analyzed potential operational improvement. As appropriate, based on findings make proposal for operational changes (policy, procedures, processes, etc.)  Account Executive  Hyatt Regency -  Dubai, AE -  November 1995 to August 2001  • Responsible in controlling the payroll • Producing an accurate set of month-end accounts, with comparisons to forecasts and previous periods • Prepared profit and loss accounts and the balance sheet for senior management • Assisted in preparing budgets and business planning, including projected room revenue • Helped in reconciling bank statements • Chased late payments, reporting bad debts and kept a careful eye on the cash flow  EDUCATION  Bachelors in Commerce in Commerce  Lucknow University -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  SKILLS  Excellent communication skills (Less than 1 year), Excellent organizational skills (Less than 1 year), networking (Less than 1 year), new accounts (Less than 1 year), organizational skills (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Key Competencies    * Excellent organizational skills; ability to prioritize; decisiveness; cost awareness * Positive and constructive approach to problem solving; networking to drive results * Strong customer focus and service orientation balanced with attention to company interests * Excellent communication skills (both verbal and written) exhibiting diplomacy; fluent in English * Ability to envision creative sales strengths and programmers, then follow thoroughly on the details to ensure successful implementation * Adapt at opening new accounts with challenging customers in fast paced environments * Consensus builder and skilled negotiator with the ability to build and maintain excellent relationships over a long sales cycles * Able to make rapid assessments and quickly revise tactics to ensure progress and good achievement. * Ability to perform well on both independent contributor and team member    New folder (4)/Hardik-Shah.pdf Hardik Shah Major Accounts Manager - UPS SCS India Pvt. Ltd  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Hardik-Shah/ec04f918bbda2307  WORK EXPERIENCE  Major Accounts Manager  UPS SCS India Pvt. Ltd -  October 2015 to Present  Reporting to: BDM ( Sales head - India) Key Responsibilities  • Identifying the prospective clients for the following verticals - Industrial / Automotive / Healthcare / Consumer & Retail • Responsible for the achieving the revenue and volume targets by selling all UPS SCS products. • Profile, Penetrate and grow existing Major accounts and Add New Accounts simultaneously. • Explore and develop business in tier 2 and tier 3 cities across Maharashtra • Build Account centric presentations and propose Solutions, based upon unique customer supply chain needs for long term value creation. • Maximize Wallet share from strategic global accounts in the portfolio by selling Air, Ocean Freight, Customs Clearance and Contract logistics Services. • Define mutually agreed SOP's for proper service deliverables. • Resolve Customer Concerns and Issues in line with agreed SLA's. • Lead and Conduct regular Business Reviews with Customers along with cross functional teams. SNAP SHOT OF WORK EXPERIENCE  Assistant Manager Sales  Schenker India Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  August 2012 to July 2015  Selling Air, Ocean and Special Products of the organization to Targeted Segment of customers within specified area. ➢ Lead the translation of the Sales and Marketing strategy into business targets, budgets and tangible plans by developing & implementing sales and marketing actions to achieve volume and profitability objectives. ➢ Make tactical plans for contract negotiation and closure, in alignment with the company's commercial strategy while keeping abreast of market developments and competitive activities. Builds and maintain strategic relationships with key customers. ➢ Retain and grow the share of business from Existing Strategic & Field accounts of the Area. ➢ Identifying, Prospecting and Conversion of New accounts to increase new business footprint by using focused Trade lane & Vertical approach. ➢ Responsible for business development & target achievement through profitable volume & revenue growth from identified NKAs, Large & Strategic accounts within Mumbai Area.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Hardik-Shah/ec04f918bbda2307?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Business Development Manager  UTI Worldwide (India) Private Limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  March 2011 to July 2012  Responsible for developing Fashion Vertical for Western region. ➢ Evaluating strategies for overall development of supply chain solutions and getting new customers on board to increase NR for the company. ➢ Giving inputs about the current market scenario so as to build future strategies for regional sales.  Territory Manager  Quantium Mail Logistics Solutions (India) Private Limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  January 2010 to February 2011  Developing and retaining business from groups like Nielsen, Essar, Techprocess Solutions, Videocon etc. and maintain close rapport with key officers in the team. ➢ Evaluating strategies for development of Mailroom Solutions and value added services.  EDUCATION  Post Graduate Diploma in Planning and Entrepreneurship  The International Institute -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2009  B.Com in Commerce and Economics  Mumbai university -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  March 2006  HSC in commerce and economics  Maharashtra State Board -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  February 2003  SSC  N.B.W.S High School -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  March 2001  SKILLS  Microsoft office, Digital Marketing    CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  High impact presentation skills by Dale Carnegie  SPIN TECHNIQUES by huthwaite    New folder (4)/Mahesh-Chalwadi.pdf Mahesh Chalwadi Area Sales Manager/ Region Sales Manager - Diagnostics Healthcare  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mahesh-Chalwadi/ ecda757cb2ec5e91  Hardworking & Proffesional Area Sales Manager with 12 Years of Rich experience currently associated with Suburban Diagnostics India Pvt Ltd (Mumbai) Handling Healthcare diagnostics Sales & Marketing in Navi Mumbai Region. Handling Doctors Channels, Hospital, Pathology Labs And Walk in Buisness for organisation. ❖ Proven ability in achieving / exceeding targets, opening new and profitable product/services markets and setting up business operations in untapped markets. ❖ Dynamic sales career reflecting record breaking performance in driving new business through key accounts and establishing strategic partnerships and dealer relationships to increase channel revenue. ❖ Outstanding success in building and maintaining relationships with key corporate decision makers, establishing large volume & high profit accounts and maintaining top & bottom line profitability. ❖ Result oriented achiever with excellent track record for identifying opportunities for accelerated growth  WORK EXPERIENCE  Area Sales manger  Suburban Diagnostics India Pvt Ltd -  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra -  March 2009 to Present  Regional Sales Manager  British Life Science Pvt Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  May 2013 to March 2015  First Line Manager-Mumbai)  Area Sales Manager  Mead Johnson Nutrition (India) Pvt Ltd -  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra -  March 2010 to April 2013  Territory Manager  Mead Johnson Nutrition (India) Pvt Ltd -  October 2009 to February 2010  Trade Sales Executive  Mead Johnson Nutrition (India) Pvt Ltd -  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mahesh-Chalwadi/ecda757cb2ec5e91?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Mahesh-Chalwadi/ecda757cb2ec5e91?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   March 2009 to September 2009  Regional Manager  Wockhardt Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  March 2008 to February 2009  Manger  Wockhardt Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  March 2007 to February 2009  Territory Manager  Wockhardt Ltd -  March 2007 to January 2008  Medical Representative  Ochoa Labs -  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra -  February 2005 to February 2007  Navi Mumbai)  FUNCTIONAL ACCOUNTABILITIES Sales & Marketing: * Oversaw marketing and sales operations for achieving increased growth, profitability & share. * Successfully conducted Para-medical activity programs in institution for nurses / RMO for building relationship & increasing the business * Excelled in identifying renowned doctors in the territory and effectively held their prescription support leading to multi-fold increase in business volume. * Handled Nutrition products for departments of Pediatrics / Gynecology. * Also handled products of Antibiotics, Vaccines, Dermatological and general segments.  EDUCATION  B.Com  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2001  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  CORE COMPETENCIES Corporate Strategy & Leadership Inventory Management Budgeting & ROI Accountability    Market Research & Development Promotion & Branding Product Development & Launch Key Account Management Team Management Client Relationship Management  TECHNICAL SKILLS Windows XP 2010, MS Office & Internet Applications& Power Point Presentation  PERSONAL CREDENTIALS    New folder (4)/Prasad-Dalvi.pdf Prasad Dalvi Business Development Manager, Sales  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Prasad-Dalvi/e649d0de8a0bf41e  To be associated with a progressive organization that provides an opportunity to apply my knowledge and skills in order to keep abreast with latest trends and technologies.  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Business Development Manager Sales  Standard Press India Pvt. Ltd.  Standard Press India is Group Company of Standard Fireworks, Sivakasi. It is India’s leading paper product company offering quality paper products in the brand name called ‘Peacock’. Being Business Development Manager my role was to develop new clients, B2B and Institutional Sales & to retain & cater existing clients as well. Also handled Sales Team of 8 executives across Maharashtra & Karnataka Region.  Business Development Manager, Sales  Standard Press India Pvt. Ltd -  Sivakasi, Tamil Nadu -  May 2013 to April 2018  Standard Press India is Group Company of Standard Fireworks, Sivakasi. It is India's leading paper product company offering quality paper products in the brand name called 'Peacock'. Being Business Development Manager my role was to develop new clients & to retain & cater existing clients as well. Also handled Retail Sales Team of 40 executives across Maharashtra & Karnataka Region.  Assistant Manager, Sales  Srinivas Fine Arts Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  September 2009 to June 2014  Srinivas Fine Arts is Asia's leading paper product company offering quality paper products in the brand name called 'Nightingale'. Being an Assistant Manager my responsibilities includes dealing with clients to give presentation & demonstration of the wide range of the paper products to corporate consumers, as well as handling a sales team of 4 members and dealers. * Dealt with different clients such as ➢ Pharmaceutical - Glenmark, Cipla, USV, Pfizer ➢ Banks - Axis Bank, Union Bank, ICICI Bank, HSBC, Citi Bank ➢ Industrial - Reliance, TATA Motors, Hyundai, Ford ➢ Telecom - Bharti Airtel, Vodafone ➢ Media - Hindustan Times, Times Group, Katha Group  https://www.indeed.com/r/Prasad-Dalvi/e649d0de8a0bf41e?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ● Worked as Sr. Executive-Institutional Sales (Office Product Division) in Kores India Ltd, Mumbai  Stationary Products. As Sr. Executive  Kores India Limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  July 2008 to August 2009  is seven decades leading manufacturing company of office Stationary Products. As Sr. Executive my profile is to give presentation & demonstration of the wide range of the products to corporate consumers, also handling and coordinating with distributors and dealers within given territory. * Dealt with different clients such as ➢ Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited (MTNL, Mumbai) ➢ Pharmaceutical - Indoco Remedies, Abbott India, Neon ➢ Hotels - Ceda-de-Goa, Renaissance ➢ Institutions - Ruparel College, Mumbai University, Sidharth College ➢ Hospitals - Hinduja Hospital, Shushrusha Hospital  Sr. Sales Executive  Avon Lifestyle Products Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  August 2005 to June 2008  Avon Lifestyle Products Pvt. Ltd is leading manufacturing company of lifestyle umbrellas & bags for corporate clients. As Sr. Sales executive my profile was to give presentation & demonstration of the wide range of the products. According to the clients requirements make a sample, providing quotation of the deal and negotiation. Throughout co-ordination with product design, manufacturing, delivery team and look after sales services as well. * Projects with Corporate Clients such as ➢ Hotels - Taj, Leela ➢ Pharmaceutical - Glenmark, Cipla, Aventis ➢ Winery - Champagne Indage, Johnnie Walker, Cobra beer ➢ Industrial- Godrej & Boyce, Bridgestone, Reliance ➢ Telecom - Vodafone, Tata Indicom ➢ Media - 98.3 FM, M TV, Channel V, Hindustan Times.  EDUCATION  B.Sc. in Chem  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  HSC  Maharashtra State Board  SSC  Maharashtra State Board  Diploma in Apparel Manufacturing Technology    The Apparel Training And Design Centre  SKILLS  Sales
