Hardik Shah Major Accounts Manager - UPS SCS India Pvt. Ltd  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Hardik-Shah/ec04f918bbda2307  WORK EXPERIENCE  Major Accounts Manager  UPS SCS India Pvt. Ltd -  October 2015 to Present  Reporting to: BDM ( Sales head - India) Key Responsibilities  • Identifying the prospective clients for the following verticals - Industrial / Automotive / Healthcare / Consumer & Retail • Responsible for the achieving the revenue and volume targets by selling all UPS SCS products. • Profile, Penetrate and grow existing Major accounts and Add New Accounts simultaneously. • Explore and develop business in tier 2 and tier 3 cities across Maharashtra • Build Account centric presentations and propose Solutions, based upon unique customer supply chain needs for long term value creation. • Maximize Wallet share from strategic global accounts in the portfolio by selling Air, Ocean Freight, Customs Clearance and Contract logistics Services. • Define mutually agreed SOP's for proper service deliverables. • Resolve Customer Concerns and Issues in line with agreed SLA's. • Lead and Conduct regular Business Reviews with Customers along with cross functional teams. SNAP SHOT OF WORK EXPERIENCE  Assistant Manager Sales  Schenker India Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  August 2012 to July 2015  Selling Air, Ocean and Special Products of the organization to Targeted Segment of customers within specified area. ➢ Lead the translation of the Sales and Marketing strategy into business targets, budgets and tangible plans by developing & implementing sales and marketing actions to achieve volume and profitability objectives. ➢ Make tactical plans for contract negotiation and closure, in alignment with the company's commercial strategy while keeping abreast of market developments and competitive activities. Builds and maintain strategic relationships with key customers. ➢ Retain and grow the share of business from Existing Strategic & Field accounts of the Area. ➢ Identifying, Prospecting and Conversion of New accounts to increase new business footprint by using focused Trade lane & Vertical approach. ➢ Responsible for business development & target achievement through profitable volume & revenue growth from identified NKAs, Large & Strategic accounts within Mumbai Area.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Hardik-Shah/ec04f918bbda2307?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Business Development Manager  UTI Worldwide (India) Private Limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  March 2011 to July 2012  Responsible for developing Fashion Vertical for Western region. ➢ Evaluating strategies for overall development of supply chain solutions and getting new customers on board to increase NR for the company. ➢ Giving inputs about the current market scenario so as to build future strategies for regional sales.  Territory Manager  Quantium Mail Logistics Solutions (India) Private Limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  January 2010 to February 2011  Developing and retaining business from groups like Nielsen, Essar, Techprocess Solutions, Videocon etc. and maintain close rapport with key officers in the team. ➢ Evaluating strategies for development of Mailroom Solutions and value added services.  EDUCATION  Post Graduate Diploma in Planning and Entrepreneurship  The International Institute -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2009  B.Com in Commerce and Economics  Mumbai university -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  March 2006  HSC in commerce and economics  Maharashtra State Board -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  February 2003  SSC  N.B.W.S High School -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  March 2001  SKILLS  Microsoft office, Digital Marketing    CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  High impact presentation skills by Dale Carnegie  SPIN TECHNIQUES by huthwaite
