Lokmanya Pada Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Lokmanya-Pada/1d6100af0815e98a  WORK EXPERIENCE  Company) As a Channel Development Manager  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  June 2018 to Present  Job Profile: (A): - Appoint channel Partners & Handling the all Sales activities with our Sales team in Mumbai. (B): - I am also responsible for the all the claim settlements towards my customer to the company as a whole in a chain process with all the services providing to my dealers & distributors. (C): -Manage scheme for reputation & manage collection of market to provided Company. (D): - Always watch for be a better competitor and better sale & service provider in the Market in Software.  Distribution Head  TECHNEXT INTERNATIONAL PVT. LTD -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  November 2017 to March 2018  Job Profile-: (A): - Handling the all distribution operation in Mumbai. Appoint the New distributors in Mumbai for better channel sales. (B): - planning company primary and planning the sales target with sales team and distributors. (C): - Looking the promoter's appointment in Mumbai also. (D): - Always watch for be a better competitor and better sale & service provider in the Market.  Area Sales  Videocon Industries Limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  April 2016 to October 2017  Raigadh. Manage all primary with distributors and company. (B): - I am also responsible for the all the claim settlements towards my customer to the company as a whole in a chain process with all the services providing to my dealers & distributors & company for sales also. (C): - Help for Secondary turnover of Dealer through make sub-Dealer & new Outlet's. (D): -Manage scheme for reputation & manage collection of market to provided Company. (E): - Always watch for be a better competitor and better sale & service provider in the Market.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Lokmanya-Pada/1d6100af0815e98a?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Lead Manager  Reliance communications (ADAG) -  Thane, Maharashtra -  May 2012 to December 2015  Thane District Job Profile: (A) Created strategies to access unexplored markets while tracking market dynamics and inputs to realign tactics/strategies to counter competition. (B) Manage key accounts with focused approach and nurture relations with them for productive business relations Led distribution expansion & enhancing business from existing base resulting in revenue growth.. (C) Ensured business quality, manpower at distributor locations, monthly distributor appraisals. Consistently accomplished achieving Sales Turnover targets Responsible for training Sales executive to achieve sales targets.  (Territory Sales Executive) for Spice Mobile  Month as T.S.E -  Thane, Maharashtra -  July 2007 to May 2012  Job Profile-: (A): - Key Responsible arrangement KRO Key Retail-Outlet for sales of Mobile Hand-Set, Growth of Primary & Secondary Business. (B) -: control the distributor's executive sales team. (C): -Manage scheme & collection of market to provided Company. (D): - Always watch for be a better competitor and better sale & service provider in the Market. (E): - Help for Secondary turnover of Dealer through make sub-Dealer & new Outlet's  EDUCATION  BA  CSJM Kanpur University -  Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh  2011  U.P. Board  Selling & marketing  Global Computer Center -  Mumbai, Maharashtra
