Sheldon Creado Sr. Manager - Regional Sales  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sheldon-Creado/ b73c053d2691e84a  • Result-oriented professional with experience of 15 years in Sales Planning/ Execution, Process Improvement and Business Development. • Excellent track record in performing challenging strategic & leadership roles, building strategic service plans and CSAT. • Demonstrated effectiveness in high-profile executive roles driving large scale gains in business volumes through on-ground business strategies and consistent acquisition, deepening & retention of customer base.  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Pune, Maharashtra - Bangalore, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sr. Manager - Regional Sales  Tata Teleservices Ltd  Job Profile: • Managed and developed an assigned portfolio of accounts, increasing product penetration and revenue market share. • Successfully achieved set Business Acquisition, Revenue Maximization & Retention targets as per Annual Operating Plan through efficient account management. • Lead and contributed to negotiation of business terms and arrangements. Devised Customized Solutions for clients, working collectively with Internal Pre-Sales teams. • Ensured revenue targets are met through Micro-Monitoring Account Performance and pipeline activities as per planned market strategy. • Developed competitive sales approach-strategy considering all significant factors for the accounts assigned to me. Prospected potential customers, analyzed their requirements and converted them to Enterprise based solutions. • Augmented market penetration by identifying and appointing Business partners keeping in sync with the company's Go-To Market strategy. • Imparted Product Training to business partners and ensured their development through regular refresher courses/programs on various innovative telecom services/solutions offered by the company. • Ensured adherence to system, procedures and Market Outstanding norms together with teams in Project Delivery, Service & Revenue Assurance. • Orchestrated Tech-Check programs at high revenue accounts, documented their feedback and ensured concern areas were addressed and issues resolved to the customers satisfaction. • Coordinated with all internal teams of purchase, operations and business partners to deliver services within agreed TAT. • Drove and Motivated the team towards achieving set business objectives emphasizing on the benefits of Efficient Account management. • Products included: Corporate Voice Solutions, Enterprise Data, IOT & Data Centre services.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sheldon-Creado/b73c053d2691e84a?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Sheldon-Creado/b73c053d2691e84a?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Sr. Manager - Enterprise Sales  Reliance Communications Ltd -  April 2011 to November 2015  Job Profile: • Developed enterprise business sales strategies and ensured achievement of projected sales numbers through effective implementation of business plans & projects in line with corporate strategy. • Acquired business SME & large accounts through Rapport Building with key stake holders. • Prepared, presented and successfully negotiated proposals with Enterprise customers. • Accountable for the delivery of the Enterprise Account revenue targets. • Built a liaison with Internal teams of Product Marketing, Business Solutions & Service Delivery, in ensuring commissioning of services within industry norms. • Ensured high CSAT scores through close monitoring of customer feedback and resolution of queries within agreed timelines. • Researched information on competitive pricing, market activities, and other information about targeted markets. • Product Portfolio included Wireless & Enterprise Solutions including Data and IDC services.  Assistant Manager - Sales  Bharti Airtel Ltd -  May 2007 to April 2011  Job Profile: • Effectively managed a team of Sales Account Managers involving them in Account Management, Sales, Revenue and Retention activities. • Augmented product penetration & revenue market share in assigned corporate accounts through Cross selling and Upselling of services. • Corporate Partner Management: Ensured a larger market footprint in the corporate market through appointment of proficient business partners, their training and enablement. • Product portfolio included Enterprise Voice and Data services.  Assistant Manager (Sales)  Bharti Airtel Ltd -  November 2005 to April 2011  Territory Manager  Bharti Airtel Ltd -  November 2005 to April 2007  Job Profile: • Effectively managed and achieved sales numbers through effective Account Management & Marketing activities. • Lead a team of sales managers, driving them towards achieving set goals and surpassing set targets.    • Product Portfolio included: Mobile services, Blackberry Enterprise Solutions & Wireless USB Data Cards.  Assistant Manager (Sales)  Godfrey Phillips India Ltd -  September 2003 to November 2005  • Developed New Corporate Accounts to augment market penetration. • Brand Management & Marketing - Ensured customer loyalty through Product Innovation & Effective Marketing Ploys. • Ensured CSAT through effective account management.  Territory Sales in Charge  Parle Products Pvt. Ltd -  April 2002 to September 2003  Successfully lead a Team of 3 channel partners and their respective Sales Teams. • Achieved sales and revenue targets as pre-defined by the company through effective customer and channel partner management. • Ensured Viability of Channel Partners by driving them to achieve and surpass required sales numbers.  Sales Executive  Cadbury India Ltd -  September 2000 to April 2002  Job Profile: • Efficiently managed the development and expansion of business in particularly 'A' class retail market segment. • Lead a team of sales executives, towards ensuring objectives as set by the company are met.  EDUCATION  MBA  National Institute of Management -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  April 2009  Bachelor of Commerce in Reliance Communications Ltd  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  March 2000    SKILLS  IT Consulting, Business Development, Customer Service, Service Delivery, Liasoning, Technical Sales Presentations, Cross-functional Coordination, Coaching & Mentoring, Identifying Sales Opportunities, Product Knowledge, C-Level Relationships Level, High Analytical Skills, Conceptual Ability,
