Vaibhav Pawar Senior Manager - Training - Aristo Sales Agency Pvt. Ltd  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vaibhav-Pawar/fdbd10133fe7cf57  Highly knowledgeable and skilled Learning and Development Manager with 12 years of core experience in managing large scale training projects. Conducted various training programs and sessions to over 5000+sales professionals across the nation. Strong ability in designing, implementing and reviewing training programs aligning to the organizational requirements. Excellent interpersonal and team-of-trainers management skills.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Manager - Training  Aristo Sales Agency Pvt. Ltd -  June 2017 to Present  a Group of Walplast Products. Department: Training. • Designing and setting up Training Processes in consultation with the stakeholders. • Develop and Implement Measurement Criteria, to assess Training effectiveness, set up compliance metrics to assess performance. • Identify and appoint Trainers and certify them on various training modules. • Determine talent development priorities and work with leaders to define learning objectives that can be measured and linked to business goals.  Master Trainer (Training Manager)  Reliance Jio Infocomm Pvt. Ltd -  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra -  June 2015 to May 2017  Navi Mumbai Department - On-boarding • Consult with department heads to identify training needs. • Design the basic framework of module and team up with content team for creating a training program. • Organize a Train-The-Trainer program and disseminate the content to the regional training team. • Conduct trainer certification program to check the understanding of the content and the effectiveness of delivery. • Conduct management development program (MDP) as a part of train the trainer initiative for upscaling the knowledge of the training team.  Assistant Manager - Training  HDFC Standard Life Insurance Pvt.Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  March 2012 to May 2014  https://www.indeed.com/r/Vaibhav-Pawar/fdbd10133fe7cf57?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Mumbai. Department - Learning and Development. • Worked as a training support for sales teams of direct channel, branch sales and agency channels across 5 branch offices in Mumbai. • Conducted branch level 6 day training induction programs for newly joined sales associates and managers. • Developed and delivered need-based training modules for sales executives and managers as per team requirement. • Provided on-field support as a buddy for new team members. Demonstrated the sales techniques on field and helped them close their first 5 deals.  Sales Trainer  Datacomp Training Academy -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  May 2010 to February 2012  Mumbai. Department - Training. • Conducted functional and domain based courses, seminars and conventions at national level for 3000 plus insurance agents of Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India. • Was instrumental in design, development and roll-outs of several product-process training programs at national level. • Mentored 50 - top insurance agents from Goa divisional office under a 12 month program - 'The Next Level'. • Trained and coached the team with innovative sales and marketing techniques to promote their insurance business and increase their sales volumes.  Product Trainer  Solutions Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  January 2007 to May 2010  Mumbai. Department - Training. • Designing and imparting product knowledge training to trainee sales and customer care executives. • Training the sales executives on soft skills and ideal ways to approach a prospect on phone or in person. • Motivating the trainees for taking interest in the session and thereby ensuring better results. • Interacting with the HOD and other members for modifying or adapting necessary changes whenever needed to make the module more informative and easy for the batch without compromising on the quality standards.  Customer Response Executive  Reliance Info streams Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  November 2004 to January 2007  Mumbai.    Department - Network and Connectivity - Back Office. • Resolving the network related cases of the customers created by the front office executives. • Escalating the cases of serious nature to the National Network Operating Centre (NNOC) • Out-calling the customers and imparting resolutions given by the National Network Operating Centre (NNOC) • Coordinating with the switch engineers on field for providing resolutions of field level issues of the customers.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Commerce in Accounts and Economics  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2003  Higher Secondary Certificate in Economics  Vidya Prasark Mandal (VPM) 's High School and Junior -  Mandal, Rajasthan  2000  Secondary School Certificate in English  Mumbai, India -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1998  Bharat English High School -  Thane, Maharashtra  SKILLS  COACHING (Less than 1 year), EXCELLENT COMMUNICATION SKILLS (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  CORE COMPETENCIES • Excellent Communication Skills. • Sharp interpersonal and coaching skills. • Ability to work interdependently within a team. • Strong support for the team. • Strategic thinker.
