Yash Raja Senior Manager - Foodlink India Private Limited  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yash-Raja/fd7a1fcad95b13b7  I am a driven individual with extensive experience in business development and customer engagement. I have been a strong sales performer and I am looking to apply my skills to a forward looking organization and to contribute to employer growth.  Willing to relocate to: Toronto, ON - Vancouver, BC - Calgary, AB  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Manager  Foodlink India Private Limited -  June 2017 to Present  Sales Manager - Corporate Sales  Handling the Corporate Segment for Foodlink Banquets & Catering Pvt. Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  October 2015 to February 2017  5.3 Years The Westin Pune Koregaon Park • Sales Manager - Corporate Sales - October 2015 to February 2017  Sales Manager - Proactive Sales  Courtyard Pune Hinjewadi -  March 2015 to May 2015  Assistant Sales Manager  Courtyard Pune Hinjewadi -  Pune, Maharashtra -  July 2012 to May 2015  Assistant Sales Manager - Proactive Sales  Courtyard Pune Hinjewadi -  August 2013 to February 2015  Sales Executive - Reactive Sales  Courtyard Pune Hinjewadi -  Pune, Maharashtra -  July 2012 to August 2013  https://www.indeed.com/r/Yash-Raja/fd7a1fcad95b13b7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   selling rooms and banqueting services for three hotels, namely the JW Marriott Pune, Courtyard Pune Chakan and Courtyard Pune Hinjewadi.  Roles Undertaken - - Managing and handling a portfolio in a proactive role in a designated market region. - Handling and managing top accounts of the hotel. - Converting acquisition accounts for the hotel. - Entertaining prospective clients and organizing customer engagement events. - To liaise closely with operational staff on all details for a prospective new contract and gain their agreement on all details. - Managing administrative activities, as a syndicate team leader such as CSR events, team building activities, team outings and weekly games at the hotel. - To analyze statistics thereby identifying key sales areas, problems and success rate. - Work as a team leader to minimize short falls and ensure a smooth functioning of the sales operation. - Moving business from competition. - Handling Corporate Events - Heading Catering Sales & Mice for Corporate Companies. - Anticipating prospective clients' exact needs, by questioning, observation and the completion of a full sales survey. - Follow up on leads by visiting prospective clients regularly. - To achieve better budgeted sales targets.  Sales Executive - Reactive Sales  Courtyard Chennai -  July 2011 to June 2012  Roles Undertaken - - Managing a social portfolio in driving catering business at the hotel. - Worked towards increasing the number of outdoor catering events by 35% as compared to the previous year.  Sales Executive  Courtyard Chennai -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  July 2011 to June 2012  EDUCATION  B.A. Honours in Hotel Management. in Hotel Management  Institute of Hotel Management -  Aurangabad, Maharashtra  2007 to 2011  A-levels  Podar International School, University of Cambridge    2005 to 2006  Secondary School Certificate  Jankidevi Public School  2004 to 2005  SKILLS  Excel (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Word (Less than 1 year), Opera (Less than 1 year), Outlook (Less than 1 year), Outlook Express. (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skills & Interests:  Computer Literacy: Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access and Outlook Express. A general knowledge of Windows and Opera Software (Property Management System).
