Vaibhav Ghag Sr. Sales Associate - International Business Process Outsourcing  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vaibhav-Ghag/a56b36dd63323e15  To add value to our clients business by providing cost effective, premium quality service & be the preferred person for improving the business. An accomplished professional with comprehensive experience in Client Servicing, Sales & Management.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Consultant - Real Estate  JM FINANCIAL Products Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  January 2018 to August 2018  Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. Dwello - A real estate consulting venture by JM Financial Group. Working as a Consultant - Real Estate Consulting from January 2018 to August 2018.  ❖ Job responsibilities are as follows:  Building and maintaining relations with potential customers for the Residential Real Estate category as well as the Developers' Sales Team. Keeping abreast with the latest market happenings through internal communications and primary research. Meeting the potential customers and helps them shortlist the appropriate properties through organized presentations and verbal communication. Accompanying the potential customers to the shortlisted sites and help them structure and negotiate a deal. Helping the customers with documentation for loan processing, registration, etc. Achieving the monthly and quarterly targets decided mutually with the Senior Management.  Relationship Manager  HDFC Developers Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  December 2014 to July 2017  Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. HDFCRED.Com, An online portal catering to primary market of Real Estate. Worked as a Client Relationship Manager from December 2014 to July 2017.  ❖ Job responsibilities are as follows:  https://www.indeed.com/r/Vaibhav-Ghag/a56b36dd63323e15?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Handling marketing and sales operations for achieving increased growth & profitability. Generating new clients and revenue. Cold calling to arrange meetings with potential customers to prospect for new business. Reviewing your own sales performance, aiming to meet or exceed targets.  CV of vaibhav ghag Attending team meetings and sharing best practices with them. Building Relations with existing developers.  Client Servicing & Retention. Market Research & Analysis. 2. Qimpro Consultants Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. India's first dedicated Quality-consulting firm started by representing Dr. Juran-The Quality Guru.  Sr.Sales Executive  Corporate Quality Competitions -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  August 2014 to December 2014  India.  Sales Executive  Independent Print Media Company -  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra -  February 2014 to July 2014  India.  EDUCATION  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2014  H.S.C  Maharashtra Board  2010  S.S.C  Maharashtra Board  2008
