Siddhanth Jaisinghani Associate Consultant-SAP SD - Capgemini India  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Siddhanth- Jaisinghani/45df3fb3d7df41c3  ❑ Certified SAP ECC 6.0 SD Consultant from ATOS - SAP Authorized Training Center, Mumbai ❑ B.Com Graduate with 3 years of work experience in Sales Domain.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Associate Consultant-SAP SD  Capgemini India -  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra -  October 2016 to Present  Roles and Responsibilities-Capgemini is an IT Consulting Company based out at multiple location in India, I am based out at Airoli, Navi Mumbai. Currently working in a support project as an SAP SD Consultant, my role and responsibility is to monitor the queue of inbound tickets, resolve the issue and give the solution to the user in the promised or required time frame or SLA. I am the deputy lead of my module which adds up my responsibility to work on critical, priority and month end issues which have a very small time. I have worked on lot of enhancements will include a lot of hours of working and developing new objects such as reports, structural output changes. Apart from working on tickets, I have also worked on multiple rolls out for the same client. The rolls have included implementing complete SD functionality for the required Org elements, end to end IDocs, Automation for order processing, worked on multiple interfaces related to E-Invoice, Duty Drawback. I have a good idea about the pricing, Intercompany scenario, IDocs.  Apart from SD, I do have some basic MDM knowledge to create a new customer or extend to a sales area, extend material for a plant, etc.  Assistant Sales Manager  H K Elelctronics Pvt Ltd -  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra -  December 2012 to January 2016  Roles and Responsibilities- H K Electronics Pvt Ltd is a manufacturing company of switchable glasses and membrane switches based in Navi Mumbai. My responsibility as an assistant sales manager was to generate sales for switchable glasses by taking part in exhibitions like ACE TECH wherein I would meet  https://www.indeed.com/r/Siddhanth-Jaisinghani/45df3fb3d7df41c3?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Siddhanth-Jaisinghani/45df3fb3d7df41c3?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   potential buyers and explain them about switchable glasses in detail, meet customers at personal level & if required, would provide the clients with a live demo of switchable glass in order to give a good feel of the product to the client. If any fresh requirement is generated, then its my responsibility to follow up with the client with an introductory mail which contains all technical details about the product and provide the client with a quote for his requirement. Negotiation is a very important part of sales, and as an assistant sales manager I was authorized to negotiate the prices to a certain level. Sales support was also a part of my job description, it was my responsibility to revert back to the client within 48 hours with a solution to the issue.  Experienced as SAP end user on Bharat Electronics bids & tenders on SAP server.  EDUCATION  Master in Data Management  SAP Authorized Training Center -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  June 2016 to July 2016  B.Com  Smt. MMK College Of Commerce & Economics -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2013 to 2016  CERTIFICATION in SAP ERP Sales and Distribution  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  SKILLS  SALES (5 years), SAP (5 years), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  IT SKILLS  ❑ SAP ERP - Sales and Distribution, Version ECC 6.0 ❑ Computer Basics, MS Office, MS Excel.  - 2- Certified SAP SD Functional Consultant
