Prashant Pawar General Manager Marketing - VINATI ORGANICS LIMITED  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Prashant-Pawar/fe6fdb07d38261a9  WORK EXPERIENCE  General Manager Marketing  VINATI ORGANICS LIMITED -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  2010 to Present  Sales of speciality monomers for major markets like USA, EU and parts of South Esat Asia. • Sales of new products for local market for Pahrmaceuticals, Textiles and water treatment and construction chemicals • Conceptualizing and implementing competent strategies to accomplish the desired sales target to meet top line and bottom-line profitability. • Developed relationships with key decision makers in corporate sector for business development. • Identified key prospective clients from various sectors, generated business from the existing ones, and thereby achieve business targets. • Implemented sales promotional strategies for business development & improve Market Share.  Business Manager  UNISYNTH CHEMICALS LIMITED -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  2007 to 2010  • Sucessfully handled sales of Pigments, Solvent dyes, Silica based products for Paint, Pharmaceuticals, Petrochemical, Refineries, construction, Textile, Adhesive, Ink industry and food and beverage industry. • Innovated development of new applications for customers using close process information • Utilized excellent communication and collaboration skills to work with research team for optimizing cost. • Promoted product awareness by conceptualizing and executing advertising and sales strategies using scientific literature and productive business relationship-building. Assisted in delivery of seminars.  Market Manager  JUBILANT ORGANOSYS LIMITED -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  2006 to 2007  • Specialty Emulsions /binders, thickeners, theology modifiers and dispersants for Paint, construction, Textile, Adhesive, Ink industry and Metal working fluid industry. • Managed key customer accounts in paint and adhesive industry • Achieved budgeted sales within the ambit of the overall marketing policy.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Prashant-Pawar/fe6fdb07d38261a9?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Efficeient credit management for effective collection of receivables. • Managed dealer including training and development. • Co-ordination with Operations, R&D to ensure customer satisfaction. • Ensured depth and wide distribution channel for all India sales networks.  Assistant Manager Sales  CHembond chemicals Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  2002 to 2006  • Major Products & Industries handled: Specialty additives like defoamers, biocides, dispersing agents and rheology modifiers for Paint and Coatings, Inks, Adhesives, Textiles and Metal working fluid industry. • Managed sales and marketing efforts concurrently for major principals like Henkel AG, GMBH within the overall marketing policy. • Managed budgeted sales of Biocides, functional additives to key paint and coating customers. • Provided product formulation & application development services for various paint and coating category customers. • Managed key customer accounts in paints and coatings, inks, adhesive industry. • Developed and implemented business development, sales strategies to acquire new customers and retain existing accounts. • Identified opportunities for strategic alliances and partnerships for new business development. • Conducted market surveys for new product development in close co-ordination with R&D. • Organized product promotion activities through Technical Seminars, Exhibitions. • Served a pivotal leadership role as sales professional and team lead consistently winning, retaining and converting clients by adeptly directing activities of local sales and marketing division.  Senior Sales Executive  ION EXCHANGE (INDIA) Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  1995 to 2002  Major Products & Industries handled: Water treatment, pharmaceuticals and specialty resins Cooling water and boiler treatment chemicals Pretreatment, construction chemicals and allied chemicals  • Dealer management including training and development. Coordinated with a team of OEM representatives through strategic planning, problem solving, decision-making and collaboration to increase sales revenue for premier products.  • Increased market share in the territory by establishing key relationships with dealer network assistance and other professionals.  EDUCATION  Chemical Engineering    Nagpur University -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  1995
