Sandeep Mahadik Warehouse Manager/Logistics Manager - Barrick Trade group  Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sandeep- Mahadik/4c9901ae64c8e1f2  To become successful in the field of Logistics, SCM, warehousing industry  WORK EXPERIENCE  Warehouse Manager/Logistics Manager  Barrick Trade group -  Luanda, AO -  June 2012 to Present  Roles and Responsblities- Responsible for Supervises and coordinates activities of operations of a warehouse with wide range of operational responsibilities. Work involves day-to-day warehouse operations including Shipping and Receiving (local & import), effective manpower allocation, stock taking and inventory maintenance.  ¬ Provides customer support in order taking and liaising  ¬ Receives daily incoming shipments - local and international imports (Average 30 -50 containers)  ¬ Verifies and approves the various stock transactions and documents  ¬ Compiles and reports the near expiry goods stock  ¬ Verifies the damaged goods and puts up the claims to Insurance Company/Suppliers  and follows up the claim settlement. ¬ Organizes perpetual inventory check ¬ Supervises the FIFO compliance on inbound and outbound shipments  ¬ Plans, arranges and executes inter branch stock transfers based on the schedules  ¬ Coordinates with Procurement department on incoming stocks and coordinates the space management proactively  ¬ Allocates warehouse space for stock rotation and space optimization.  ¬ Checks SKU in according with QIP requirements  ¬ Assesses operational efficiency of the warehouse on regular basis and report the  findings to the management  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sandeep-Mahadik/4c9901ae64c8e1f2?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Sandeep-Mahadik/4c9901ae64c8e1f2?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ¬ Conducts periodic studies and recommends measures to improve productivity of the warehouse ¬ Prepares performance evaluation and appraisal for warehouse staff and recommends  employees for training, advancement and benefit programs  ¬ Supervises and maintains warehouse safety program.  ¬ Works closely with the Manager for budgetary controls over the warehouse operation  ¬ Supervises the daily KPI's and provides feedback to all members of the operation  ¬ Schedules and manages the warehouse operations through efficient manpower planning and deployment of the warehouse team  ¬ Supervises the fleet management, route optimization, QIP, Safety and completion of  tasks on schedule and report to National Warehouse Manager.  ¬ Manages and allocates warehouse space for stock rotation and space optimization  ¬ Promotes team spirit and works collaboratively to achieve team goals  ¬ Ensures that the warehouse pallet capacity is fully occupied with external and internal customers / maintain minimum space allocation on company/customer wise  Sales & Operations Executive  V Logis India Pvt Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  August 2010 to May 2012  V Logis India Pvt Ltd. - Group V is a rapidly-growing, professionally-managed transport and logistics services group, serving all market segments across India. The core division V-Trans offers surface transportation services, V-Xpress offers express cargo services and V-Logis offers ware housing and supply chain solution. Built on enterprise, hard work, values and integrity, the group has grown year on year from a single product to multiple value added services with an undiluted focus on core competencies. V Logis is providing 3PL services for 15 clients (Chemical/FMCG/ Telecom) in their 60000 sq ft Bhiwandi w/h.  Designation:- Executive - Sales & Operations. Job Profile-  ➢ Reporting to the National Manager & Director on various Sales & Operational related matters. ➢ Work in conjunction with various parties such for business development, field support & customer support to handle complaints & ensure support plans are in place to maintain long term customer relationship. ➢ Raising Monthly service Bills to clients & follow up for outstanding.    ➢ Maintaining good relation with vendor/landlord/excise authorities and customers. ➢ Implementation & ensuring compliance of standard warehousing practices and SOP. ➢ Ensuring Good House Keeping Practices ➢ Give training to labor for safety as well as warehousing norms ➢ Monitoring and improving the overall warehouse activities.  Other Responsibilities:- ➢ Planning and execution of Internal operational related projects.  Executive - Sales  Deccan 360 Pvt Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  January 2010 to August 2010  Job Profile-  ➢ Follow up to the customer for Business Development as well as Payment. ➢ Generating Revenue from Assigning Territory. ➢ Making cold calls ➢ Making of Business Plans for Monthly basis & review it's at the end of Month. ➢ Generating MIS Report on weekly & Monthly Basis.  Management Trainee  Credence Logistics Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  March 2008 to December 2009  Designation:- Management Trainee. Job Profile-  ➢ Working as sales coordinator for all India level. ➢ Follow up to the customer for Business Development as well as Payment. ➢ Generating Revenue from Assigning Territory. ➢ Assisting to General Manager Sales & Marketing in his daily job. ➢ Implementation of Sales CRM to all India level. ➢ Making of Business Plans for Monthly basis & review it's at the end of Month. ➢ Business Planning, corporate communications. ➢ Generating MIS Report on weekly & Monthly Basis. ➢ Understanding and the awareness of competitor's activities and surrounding areas. ➢ Maintain the customer data in accordance to prescribed format. ➢ Participating in all India Level Transportation Tenders.  Executive - Sales & Operations  Transolution India Pvt.Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  August 2006 to February 2008  Job Profile-    ➢ Arrange the vehicle as per the requirement of the of clients. ➢ Vendor Management ➢ Develop New Business through new customers ➢ Follow up to the existing customers for Business ➢ Solve their operation related queries & give them status of Consignments. ➢ Coordinate with the all India operation Branches for the various Issues & Business ➢ Generating various report & MIS for Branches.  G.P.GOSWAMY (CHA) -  June 2005 to July 2005  Short Description Documentation on Import-Export,  EDUCATION  MBA in IB  INSTITUTE OF INTERNATIONAL BUSINEES AND RESEARCH -  Thane, Maharashtra  May 2006  B.Com  Shivaji University -  Kolhapur, Maharashtra  May 2003  SKILLS  Excel (Less than 1 year), MS word (Less than 1 year), WORD (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills: System, Applications MS word, Power point, Excel, Ms-Office, Internet technology
