Sumedh Tapase Manager Sales Coordinator / Customer Service  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sumedh-Tapase/ b5b15910559145ec  To be associated with a progressive organization that gives scope to apply my knowledge & skills and to be a part of a team that dynamically works towards the growth of the organization.  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Manager Sales Coordinator / Customer Service  Macmoon Traders -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  May 2017 to Present  Sales Coordination with the existing Customers and also giving necessary visit to building relationship between Company & Customers.   Direct sales activity. Cold call to finalisation and maintain those accounts.   Following the sales Policies & Procedure of the company.  Handling Customers queries on Phone, emails or by visit.  Regular Coordinating with the Distributors for Orders.   Regular coordinating with the internal departments.  Maintaining customer Data.  Updating about New Products to Customers and Distributors by Mails, Calls and Visit.   Giving after sales service to the customer. Like pending orders, any queries etc.   Giving full efforts to achieve target given by the company.  Always keep watch on Market Activities to innovate new ideas to grow sale, and regular follow up to sustain the business.  Tax Invoicing In Tally.  Coordinating for all activities pertaining to logistics and sales distribution of workload amongst the team members.  Coordinating with the Customers to make yearly Contract.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sumedh-Tapase/b5b15910559145ec?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Sumedh-Tapase/b5b15910559145ec?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Coordinating with the outdoor area sales managers and get client updates.  Making Quotation (Price List) for the respective Customers.  Follow up & visit to the customer for order purpose.  Making Orders to keep par stock, as per Customer needs.  Track on Outstation Dispatch.  Keeping Client Update with their Consignments.  Maintain Good Relationship with the Customers with accomplish their requirement.  Also follow up with the customer for yearly Tender.   Procurement from various vendors.  Making follow up with the clients & vendors for pending Sales Order & Purchase Order.  Executive Sales, Purchase Coordinator & Billing  VEEKAY FOODS PVT. LTD -  May 2016 to March 2017  Designation: Executive Sales, Purchase Coordinator & Billing.  Sales, Purchase & Operation activities.  1.Tax Invoicing in Tally. 2.Coordinating for all activities pertaining to logistics and sales distribution of workload amongst the team members. 3.Coordinating with the Customers to make Contract for the Supplying of Imported Foodstuff. 4.Coordinating with the outdoor area sales managers and get client updates. 5.Making Quotation (Price List) for the respective Customers. 6.Follow up & visit to the customer for order purpose. 7.Handling Customers queries on Phone, emails or by visit. 8.Making Import Orders Country wise. 9.Track on Outstation Dispatch. 10.Keeping Client Update with their Consignments. 11.Maintain Good Relationship with the Customers with accomplish their requirement. 12.Procurement from the vendors. 13.Making follow up with the clients & vendors for pending Sales Order & Purchase Order.  Tax Invoicing in Tally -  June 2010 to April 2016    Coordinating for all activities pertaining to logistics and sales distribution of workload amongst the team members. • Coordinating with the Customers to make Contract for the Supplying of Imported Foodstuff. • Coordinating with the outdoor area sales managers and get client updates. • Making Quotation (Price List) for the respective Customers. • Follow up & visit to the customer for order purpose. • Handling Customers queries on Phone, emails or by visit. • Making Import Orders Country wise. • Track on Outstation Dispatch. • Keeping Client Update with their Consignments. • Maintain Good Relationship with the Customers with accomplish their requirement. • Procurement from the vendors. • Making follow up with the clients & vendors for pending Sales Order & Purchase Order.  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  Assistant Sales Manager & Billing  M. K. R. Foods Pvt. Ltd -  May 2007 to May 2010  Duration: 12 May 2007 to 30 May 2010.  Job Profile: • Tax Invoicing in Focus & Busy Software. • Sale Entries in Tally. • Making Quotation (Price List) for Hotels Excel. • Issuing & Collecting C'Forms for Central Sales Tax Purpose (C.S.T) • Track on Outstation Dispatch. • Keeping Client Update with their Consignments.  EDUCATION  M.B.A in Finance  Lokmanya Tilak Vidyapeeth Pune University -  Pune, Maharashtra  Bachelor of Commerce in Commerce  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  SKILLS  EXCEL (3 years), HTML (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT OUTLOOK (Less than 1 year), OUTLOOK (Less than 1 year), OUTLOOK EXPRESS (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  • COMPUTER PROFICIENCY    • English Typing Speed 30 w.p.m • MS-CIT (With HTML) Passed In Jan 2006. • Software: Ms-Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Outlook Express/ Microsoft Outlook, Email, Internet Surfing.  Personal Strengths:  • Good communication skills. • Hardworking and dedicated. • Having adjusting nature according to every situation. • Eagerness to learn. • Always keep watch on Competitor's activity. • Never satisfy with my own work, always feel scope to improvement.  DECLARATION  I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.  Date: Signature:  Place: Mumbai. (Sumedh Hiraman Tapase)
