Ammit Sharma General Manager - Sales & Marketing - Thakkar Stardom Events Pvt. Ltd  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ammit-Sharma/1ded1fcc57236d58  Having 13+ years of experience with a progressive organization that gives me scope to apply my knowledge and skills coupled with patience and to get involved as part of a team that dynamically work towards the growth of the Company.  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Hyderabad, Telangana - Jaipur, Rajasthan  WORK EXPERIENCE  General Manager - Sales & Marketing  Thakkar Stardom Events Pvt. Ltd -  September 2011 to Present  Roles & Responsibilities: ➢ Handling a Sales Team of 8 people for Golden Leaf Banquet. Taking care of Inbound & Outbound Sales. Handling segments like Banquet, Catering, Confectionary, Decorations, Event Management. ➢ Handling Sales for Green Leaf Caterers (Outdoor Catering) ➢ Tie-ups done with couple of new Projects like FM Banquet, Megarugas Banquet & many more ➢ Handling Outbound sales for Golden Leaf Banquet & getting business for Cocktail Parties, Anniversaries, Birthday Parties, Weddings & Receptions, Conferences, Inductions, Product Launches, Seminars from companies like JP Morgan, Tech Mahindra, Sutherland, Bank of America, Ocwen, Technimont, Just Dial, Lakozy Toyota and many more ➢ Doing Corporate Tie-ups with Event Management Firms, Production Houses, Pharmaceutical firms, BPO's, Bankings, etc ➢ Maintaining good relationship with Clients as well as other department associates ➢ Rollout the business MIS and analysis for improving revenue ➢ Daily meetings and attending the hurdles for developing business ➢ Daily follow up & tracking enquiries for a good 75% conversion overall ➢ Conducting team reviews to achieve monthly budgets & targets ➢ Achieved Business Targets for Banquet last year which is over & above the target given ➢ Preparing the Standard Operating Procedures for the Banquets ➢ Hiring and Training the right Candidates for Sales & other Departments ➢ Responsible for Business planning, strategies, future sales forecast, marketing budgets ➢ Preparing Incentive structure for my Sales Team ➢ Tracking the Average Package Rates & Footfalls ➢ Handling day to day inwards & outwards (Payment Flow) ➢ Maintaining Guest Relation & Customer Satisfaction ➢ Designing Packages & Menu along with marketing artworks ➢ Reports to be maintained for the Business generated & growth  Senior Business Development Executive  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ammit-Sharma/1ded1fcc57236d58?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   JMJ Entertainments Pvt. Ltd -  May 2011 to September 2011  Roles & Responsibilities:- ➢ Responsible for increasing the sourcing of lead generation through cold calling, referrals etc. ➢ Responsible for bringing in new customers and boosting the profits. ➢ Attempting to resolve issues and problems with customer's on floor. ➢ Implementing the sales promotion programs. ➢ Maintaining good relation with the customers. ➢ Responsible for Corporate Tie-ups to increase the business  Resolution Expert  SUTHERLAND GLOBAL SERVICES PVT Ltd -  September 2008 to May 2011  Roles & Responsibilities: ➢ Handling a Team of 15 Associates & Maintaining their Report. ➢ Giving a Complete End to End Resolution on Call by Taking a Remote Access on the Customers System. ➢ Assisting the customer claim process ➢ Serving the existing and new customers in time ➢ Providing Resolution & Solving Technical Queries Related to Hardware & Software ➢ Resolves all customer query and escalations accordingly ➢ Line of Support Includes Windows XP, VISTA & Windows 7 Operating System  ❖ Worked as a Sr. Customer Relationship Advisor in 3 GLOBAL SERVICES PVT Ltd, from Nov 2006 to July 2008. Roles & Responsibilities: ➢ Taking care of Inbound & Outbound Calls on the Floor ➢ Achieving Metrics set by the Operations for the Floor ➢ Active participation in pilot batch during the testing of the New Outbound Dialer ➢ Collections to be made as per the targets  Customer Relationship Advisor  ZENTA PVT Ltd -  August 2005 to November 2006  Roles & Responsibilities: ➢ Taking care of Inbound & Outbound Calls on the Floor ➢ Achieving Metrics set by the Operations for the Floor ➢ Active participation in pilot batch during the testing of the New Outbound Dialer ➢ Collections to be made as per the targets ➢ Interactions with US customers ➢ Credit Card Collections  System Engineer    NEXPRO SOLUTIONS Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  October 2004 to September 2005  Roles & Responsibilities: ➢ Credit Card Data Centre at ICICI Infotech ➢ Achieving Metrics set by the Operations for the Floor ➢ Processing Data of VISA & MASTERCARD ➢ Uploading & Downloading the Mastercard data files & Configuring Modem for JFT ➢ Involved in resolving problems concerning authorizations of credit cards in live environment whenever any transactions declines. ➢ Maintaining Credit Cards Production Server & Development Server. ➢ Taking care of SRM server issues connected to HSM. Testing of incoming / outgoing transactions from / to VISA Singapore and ICICI Mumbai.  EDUCATION  M.B.A  Venkatesh University  Bachelors in Commerce  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  H.S.C  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  S.S.C  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  SKILLS  MICROSOFT WINDOWS (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills: Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows
