Sameer Gavad Sales Manger - YANMAR INDIA PVT LTD  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sameer-Gavad/cc6bd949bdf7b53a  Yanmar India Pvt Ltd. Position -Sales Manager: 3 Years 9 months ~~~~~~~~~.: Product-Marine Diesel engines. Large diesel engines sales and spare parts sales. Customers: Shipyards, Shipping, Navy/coast guard. M/S Jyotech Engineering Pvt Ltd. Business development and Sales of high pressure air and gas compressors represented (International brands) Position-(Regional Manager-Sales):9 Month: Product - Kwangshin /J.A.BAKER/Coltri Air Compressors Key responsibility- Business development. Territory-: Western India. Elgi Sauer Compressors Ltd. Position-(Territory Manager - Sales and After Sales)-:2 Years 6 Months Product- HP Air compressors. Territory -: All India shipping, shipyards, defense, Industries. Key account Manager for compressor sales (Indian Navy/Coast Guard)and commercial shipping spare parts business. Represented in various exhibitions like INMEX, SMM, DEFXPO. Training coerces: High pressure compressor training in J.P.Sauer factory at Germany Torm Shipping India Pvt Ltd. Sr.Technical officer:-1 Year 6 months Area of work: service and marine spares coordination, equipment Supply. International shipping business work opportunity. Provided pares and service support to the ships at all International ports. Interact with International manufacturers, service providers, suppliers and logistic forwarders. ABB LTD, - Position- After sales Manager: 10 Years: Product -Diesel Engine Turbochargers. Area of Work: Shipping, Shipyard, Defense, Industrial Power Plants, Technically sound due to hands on experience on heavy duty (up to 25 MW) Diesel engine Turbochargers, Attendance at various power plants and more than 500 commercial and naval ships for after sales support at various Indian ports and international ports. Good relation with Indian Shipyards, shipping companies and Industrial customers. Visited no of Refinery, cement, synthetic, and sugar, glass factories throughout India. Worked on Wartsila,Man,Sulzer,Yanmar,MTU, Daihatsu engines. Training courses: Turbocharger training at ABB Switzerland and SAP Training at ABB India.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Manger  YANMAR INDIA PVT LTD -  January 2014 to Present  reporting to General Manager. • Target sales of large propulsion and auxiliary diesel engines. • Strategy business plan and project follow ups with various Indian and Sri Lankan shipyards. • To maintain close contacts with designers and ship owners. • To handle technical and commercial negotiations to target orders. • Product presentation to Indian navy and coast guard headquarters for Yanmar nomination. • Target sales of spare parts from potential customers. • Spare Part Responsibility- • To generate enquiries with partial visits at regular customer and maintain Spare part business. • Offer submissions, Order processing through Yanmar system, Payment receivables and closing of orders.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sameer-Gavad/cc6bd949bdf7b53a?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • To liaise with Yanmar Japan for After sales support issues and provide critical service support to the customers.  Jyotech India Pvt Ltd: • M/S Jyotech is representative of International manufacturers of H.P Air and Gas compressors. Represented (Kwangshin (Korea) /J.BAKER (Germany)/Coltri,HP Gas compressors. Conducted product presentation and generated business from various customers in oil/ gas, chemical, petrochemical refineries, fertilizer Industries. • Guided engineers for prospective business. Preparation of monthly business plan by analyzing market potential to expand business opportunities. Ensuring flow of enquiries, offers submissions, order follow up, payment receivables to achieve monthly targets. • Customers handled: Reliance, RCF, Dipak fertilizers, Zuari Agro, power, glass and steel industries ,turnkey contractors & EPC consultants , Essar projects, oil and Gas, Toyo engineering, Toyo projects, Aker solutions, Tachnimount, Technip etc. Marine customers handled: Shipyards, Offshore, coast Guard for high pressure breathing Air compressor and other fire fighting and rescue equipment.  Planning of service jobs and delegation to W/S service staff  Haldia, and Cochin Dry Docks -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  2002 to Present  • After Sales:2002 Onwards-: • Planning of service jobs and delegation to W/S service staff. • Preparation of offer, Technical support to the customers, follow up for spares orders and payment follow up was the responsibility. • Work experience at no of shipping ports throughout India ex: Mumbai,Jnpt,Vizag Hindustan shipyard, Haldia, and Cochin Dry Docks etc. International ports attended at Srilanka: Colombo Dry-docks and in Japan etc. • Worked on MAN, WARTSILA,SULZER,MAK,YANMAR,DAIHATSU ENGINES. • Shipping customers: Great eastern shipping, Shipping corporation of India, Indian navy, coastguard,shipmanagement companies and ongc. Industrial Customers: Power plants of cement,synthetic,glass,petroliam,compnies. AmbujaCement,L&T,ACC,Cement,Indoramsynthetics,Reliance,Mukundsteel,Jindalsteel,Tatasteel,Ispat,Kudremukh ,LupinChemicals,KanoriaChemicals,TataMotors,Indorama, Amit spinning, and many other Industries.  • Certified Coerces-: Elementary course for Turbocharger service attended at (ABB LTD SWITZERLAND) in the year 2000.Includes Service and Repair of RR/VTR/TPS/TPL series turbochargers, and theory of turbochargers. • Attended Refresher course of service and repairs at ABB SWITZERLAND in the year2003. Training on - After sales support and service of new TPS and TPL series turbochargers. Attended SAP Training at ABB • Represented ABB in Various Marine Exhibitions like Inmax, SMM in Mumbai.  • Personal skill:  • 1) Product Knowledge. 2) Technical Skills 3) Decision making 4) Computer skills 5) Self motive 6) Learning attitude. -Thank You-    Key account Manager for shipping business and compressor sales  ELGI SAUER COMPRESSORS LTD -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  April 2010 to July 2012  • Training and Demonstration- Participated in J.P.SAUER Product sales training at Germany. Headed technical conference along with J.P.Sauer representatives for compressor live demonstration at Mumbai Nehru centre for the customers from shipyards, shipping, defense and offshore. • Customers handled: • Shipping: Indian ship owners and ship management companies. Shipping Corporation of India./ Great Eastern Shipping Ltd./Torm Shipping/Great offshore/BS-Ship Management all other Indian Ship owners and many other Ship management companies. Shipyards: Indian Government and privet shipyards. Major project executed with following shipyards. Bharati Shipyard/ABG Shipyard/Pipavav Shipyard, L&T shipyard, Cochin shipyard/MDL/Hindustan shipyard/Garden Reach shipyard/Goa Shipyard/Tebma shipyard. Coast Guard and Indian Navy-Responsible for unit sales for coast guard and naval projects through shipyards. Industrial Customer-National Power corporation of India Ltd/L&T/Tata steel,Bhel,Yenani hydrocarbon. Responsibility: To maintain spares business from commercial shipping customer and from naval yard.. To achieving receivable target, payment accountability, quarterly c form collection etc. Monitoring competitor's strategies & analyzing the market potential as per the market demand  To provide technical Assistance to the Technical Superintendent  Torm Shipping India Pvt Ltd -  March 2008 to September 2009  • Gain International shipping business exposures during working with shipping company. • Interact with International manufacturers, service providers, and suppliers, logistic forwarders etc. Coordinated equipment spares procurement from International manufacturers. Daily interaction with Vessel Chief Engineer and captain for equipment supply and service support. Handled after sales support and arrange technical service requirement of the vessels at various international shipping ports. Includes, coordinating OEM service engineer attendance. ex: Engine, boiler services, Turbocharger services, deck equipments, OMD services, Lifesaving Equipments,Co2 bottles etc and Coordinate with European, American and Asian equipment manufacturers. • Coordinate with Vessel captain, chief Engineer and Superintendence for daily routine service related activities and documentation. • Procured ship spares requirement for the equipment like, diesel engine, Turbochargers, Compressors, Boiler, Oil Purifiers from various International manufacturers. • Handled ABS, DNV and other shipping class certificates and documentation of the Vessels. Worked in purchasing software like AMOS, Citrix and ship serv. • Processing of queries, issuing orders to international suppliers from various international ports and to Connect the spares to the Ships all around the world..  Manager  ABB LTD -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  November 1996 to March 2007    Product: Turbochargers. Resppossibility: After sales. Manager Cadre: January 2004 Main Focus of Customers: Shipping, Industrial Power plant, Navy. Visited no of Ships, Indian Ports, cement, synthetic, and sugar, glass factories throughout India to various Power generation plants. To visit customers regularly for the marketing, and to give require technical support. Regular preparation of offer, order follows up and payment updates.  Sr. Service Engineer  ABB Make -  1996 to 2002  To overhauled VTR 0/1 and VTR 4/TPS/TPL Turbochargers onboard various ships and power plants. • Attendance of critical services, repairs of turbochargers at shop floor. • Dynamic two plane static/couple, balancing of VTC/TPS/TPL series Turbochargers. Turbine Repairs and reblading of ABB Make 0/1/4/VTC/TPL/TPS Turbocharger Rotor shafts. Lube oil Pump reconditioning at shop floor for VTR series Turbochargers. Maintenance of workshop machinery and equipment.  EDUCATION  DIPLOMA in MECHANICAL ENGG  MAHARASHTRA STATE BOARD -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  February 1995  S.S.C in SUVIDYALAYA  INDIAN INSTITUTE -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1988  SKILLS  Business Development
