Tejbal Singh Assistant Manager - Projects Coordinator, MIS and Sales Support - Distinctive Technology Pvt Ltd  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tejbal-Singh/ e16ff714b3e87f62  An out-of-the-box thinker with more than 8+ year of experience. Knowledge on Sales Support, account management, Operations and MIS Reports to achieve organizational objectives. An quick learner with good communication skills possess rigorous thinking and boundless curiosity and have a fun and friendly attitude.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Assistant Manager - Projects Coordinator, MIS and Sales Support  Distinctive Technology Pvt Ltd -  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra -  November 2016 to Present  Key Deliverables: • Project Data Compilation and present detailed monthly, quarterly reports for Senior Management perusal and act as the focal point in preparing year-end Reports. • Report preparation on payment collection and debtor reconciliation on monthly basis • Project documentation and accessibility of same. • Payment Invoice and Follow up with Multiple Vendor for the Payment Process. • Payment Reconciliation PPT & Reports for Senior Management on quarterly reviews with customers. • Maintaining MIS tracker for billing and payments. • Review the Purchase order received and payment received Reconciliation to Support revenue and collection team. • Supporting with data for monthly Revenue Plan and providing to management for smooth cash flow. • Analysis & reconciliation of monthly Project Revenue and preparation of Conversion Plan.  Assistant Manager -Sales & Marketing, Account Management, Customer Service Operations  GTL & GIL Pvt Ltd -  Dubai, AE -  April 2008 to May 2015  Key Deliverables: Dubai  • Responsible for Whole Revenue part Huawei Moto Swap rollouts in UAE. • Attend client meetings and assist with determination of project requirements. • Assist the PM in the drafting and issuance of project proposals, RFP's, tenders, budgets, cash flows and preliminary schedules.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Tejbal-Singh/e16ff714b3e87f62?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Tejbal-Singh/e16ff714b3e87f62?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Prepare project organization and communication charts. • Issue Contracts, Letters of Intent, Purchase Orders, etc • Use project scheduling and control tools to monitor projects plans, work hours, budgets and Expenditures. • Monitoring tracking mile stone wise services and timely completion of AT, WCC and billing etc. • Track & manage contemplated change notices and change orders in the database. • Prepare substantial completion certificates and ensure all required project close out documents are obtained.  India • Responsible for preparing Revenue Recognition & collection plan on monthly basis. • Taking care of Payments issues related to All India Huawei Project. • Taking care for issuance of Acceptance Certificate for the payments of Customer. • Helping Projects Managers (PM) & Commercial Department for smooth running of Project in all circles. • Taking care for proper generation of PO and amendment related queries with PO as well as Contract also. • Coordination with regional project officers for all kind of commercial related to the project. • Handling all the responsibilities as Team Lead. • Responsible for generation of report related to the Management on the status of orders placed in a periodic manner and escalate any issues at the right time to the concerned Manager/Head, so as to ensure that the customer order is serviced under the best possible means. • Handling Huawei Supplier Collaboration System for acceptance of Purchase order and raising invoices.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Arts  AS College ( VKS University) -  Bihar Sharif, Bihar  2002  VKS University -  Bihar Sharif, Bihar  1998  Modern High School -  Bihar Sharif, Bihar  1996  SKILLS  SALES (8 years), BUYING (Less than 1 year), BUYING/PROCUREMENT (Less than 1 year), KEY ACCOUNTS (Less than 1 year), SALES MANAGERS (Less than 1 year), Customer Service  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Professional Selling Skills (PSS) is a research-based program that prepares Sales Managers to build mutually beneficial long-term customer relationships. Participants learn the skills needed    during sales calls to help their customers make buying decisions that contribute to success to both, the customer and the Company  Winning Account Strategies (WAS) is a research based workshop designed for salespeople who are ready to develop a more strategic approach to maximizing sales opportunities in their key accounts. This module introduces new concepts; tools and tactics that the Sales people can use to build solid, lasting customer relationships in today's competitive marketplace.
