Jitendra Razdan Business Development - Shapoor ji Pallonji Group Company  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jitendra-Razdan/66b1e69aff1842bd  • Dynamic professional with more than 7 years of work experience in Sales and Customer Service to Banking, Government & Corporate Sector. • Proficient in managing day to day sales activities, marketing and client servicing activities. • Ability to develop and maintain relationship with key decision makers and resolving critical problems. • Ability to think innovatively and grasp key concepts quickly.. • Effective communicator with an ability to deal effectively with various departments  WORK EXPERIENCE  Business Development  Shapoor ji Pallonji Group Company -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  July 2011 to Present  2011.  (Areas: Mumbai, Delhi, NCR, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana and J&K)  Area of Expertise & Exposure Key Account Management: • Interface with individuals / key influencers for ascertaining requirements, making Presentations and delivering need based product solutions. • Ensure speedy resolution of queries & grievances to maximize client satisfaction levels. • Maintain excellent relations with customers to generate avenues for further business.  Business Development: • Analyze business potential, conceptualize & execute strategies to drive sales, augment turnover and achieve desired targets. • Monitor competitor activities and devise effective counter measures. • Identify, explore and develop new markets and tap profitable business opportunities.  KEY RESPONSIBILITIES • Playing an integral role in new business pitches and hold responsibility for the effective on- boarding of new clients. • Responsible for the development and achievement of sales through the direct sales. • Focusing on growing and developing existing clients, together with generating new business. • Write business plans for all current and opportunity tender business. • Act as the key interface between the customer and all relevant divisions. • Preparation of technical proposals and participation in business development meetings with existing and new clients. • Develop and expand client relationships with existing clients in order to generate repeat business.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Jitendra-Razdan/66b1e69aff1842bd?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Negotiate projects with clients, issue proposals and quotations, follow-up quotations. • Looks after customer satisfaction regarding operational issues. • Giving sales presentations to high-level executives. • Managing employer's client relationships and providing clients with excellent service and support. • Feeding back all suggestions for improvement and market research to senior staff. • Market Research • People and Performance Management • Pre and Post Sales  Key Accounts Manager  Forbes Technosys Limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  a  Sales Executive  SUN SYSTEM PVT LIMITED -  Delhi, Delhi -  January 2011 to May 2011  with Sun System Pvt Limited, sole distributor for APPLE products as well as computer related IT accessories, at Delhi Duration: Jan 2011 to May 2011  EDUCATION  B.E in Electronics & Telecommunication  S S JONDHALE College Of Engineering -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  SKILLS  CONFIDENT (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), PROACTIVE (Less than 1 year), REPORTING TOOLS (Less than 1 year), SELF MOTIVATED (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS/STRENGTHS:  • Good Communication Skills • Good Analytical and Research Skills • Well organized • Multi tasking • Team player • Determined • Confident • Innovative • Proactive    TECHNICAL ATTRIBUTES:  • Operating Systems: Windows XP or higher • Reporting Tools: Explorer, MS Office
