Prashant Jagtap \"Account Delivery Manager\" - Hewlett Packard India Sales Pvt Ltd As  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Prashant-Jagtap/ c1cd0c742a49b7c4  ➢ Over a decade of rich experience in Service Operations, service business, Customer Service, process enhancement & team management in the IT hardware industry. ➢ Resourceful at maintaining good relationships with clients to achieve quality product and service norms. ➢ Abilities in motivating workforce in enhancing their efficiencies & assisting them to deliver quality services to clients. ➢ Strong relationship management, analytical & communication skills.  WORK EXPERIENCE  \"Account Delivery Manager\"  Hewlett Packard India Sales Pvt Ltd As -  Vadodara, Gujarat -  February 2012 to Present  Key Deliverables: ◦ Handling the BFSI Sector projects like Bank of Baroda, Bank of India, LIC OF India and Dena Bank on PAN India. ◦ Partner Management ◦ Vendor Management ◦ Process Development as per the Customer requirements. ◦ Asset Management. ◦ Carrying PAN India roll out of new installation Projects in all BFSI sectors.  Operational: ◦ Deliver and meet SLA for key Customers ◦ Periodic review meetings and trainings for resources. ◦ Account management of Key clients through periodic meetings ◦ Adequate inventory/Spares planning for meeting SLA norms for key clients ◦ Continuously improve operational efficiency through process improvements ◦ Ensure that service delivery takes place based on the Service level agreements, Develop and sustain excellent customer relationship through deep engagement and delivering continuous value by meeting customer expectations and handling issues, ◦ Using of quality as a tool to improve customer satisfaction and enhance service delivery, ◦ To organize resources required for running the account / providing services as per SLA. ◦ Preparation of process documents for the services provided as per the contract. ◦ Provide trainings to the onsite engineers as per the site requirements. ◦ Execution of new roll out in BFSI sector including Fresh as well as existing Branches within mention period.  Rewards & Recognition:-  https://www.indeed.com/r/Prashant-Jagtap/c1cd0c742a49b7c4?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Prashant-Jagtap/c1cd0c742a49b7c4?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ◦ Three Quartets got Rewarded In HP's Precious Category called \" CUSTOMER HERO\" for getting Customer appreciations & Business Opportunities to company.  Project Manager  Royal Bank of Scotland, Lower Parel -  March 2011 to Present  2011 for CMS Info systems Pvt Ltd.  Key Deliverables: FUNCTIONAL:- ◦ Resources' Management ◦ New Process development for efficient support ◦ Quality management as per customer requirements ◦ Asset Management  OPERATIONAL:- • Service delivery based on the agreeable SLA s. • Optimized Resource management. • Continuous process improvement. • CSAT improvement and internal quality feedback. • Taking tactical operational decisions based on data analysis. • Motivating human resources. • Managing and coordinating with vendor • Develop and manage successful Client relationship • Storage Media Management • IMAC Preparation • Responsible for monthly MIS • Responsible for project execution/sustenance and problem troubleshooting on multiple technology areas as per customer requirements. • Billing & Payment collection • Generation of revenue through services and upgrade business with client  Group Leader/Project Manager  CMS Infosystems Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  December 2010 to January 2012  Key Deliverables: FUNCTIONAL:- ◦ Handling Key Accounts. ◦ Resources' Management ◦ New Process development for efficient support ◦ Quality management as per the ISO norms  OPERATIONAL:- ◦ Deliver and meet SLA for key Customers ◦ Periodic review meetings and trainings for resources.    ◦ Account management of Key clients through periodic meetings ◦ Adequate inventory planning for meeting SLA norms for key clients ◦ Continuously improve operational efficiency through process improvements ◦ Ensure that service delivery takes place based on the Service level agreements, Develop and sustain excellent customer relationship through deep engagement and delivering continuous value by meeting customer expectations and handling issues, ◦ Using of quality as a tool to improve customer satisfaction and enhance service delivery, ◦ Ensure Zero Customer Escalations by implementation and maintaining of Quality Management Systems in the account. ◦ To organize resources required for running the account / providing services as per SLA. ◦ Preparation of process documents for the services provided as per the contract. ◦ Provide trainings to the onsite engineers as per the site requirements  Channel Manager  OMNITECH Info solutions Limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  June 2010 to December 2010  Key Deliverables: FUNCTIONAL:- ◦ ASP Appointment across India as per the support delivery ◦ ASP Payment clearance ◦ New Process development for efficient support ◦ Quality management as per the ISO norms  OPERATIONAL:- ◦ Heading a team of 2-Assitance ASP Manager for the service delivery, 2 - Helpdesk for Commercial & escalations Handling ◦ Deliver and meet SLA for key across India ◦ Periodic review meetings and trainings for service staff ◦ Account management of Key clients through periodic meetings ◦ Adequate inventory planning for meeting SLA norms for key clients ◦ Continuously improve operational efficiency through process improvements ◦ Responsible for project execution/sustenance and problem troubleshooting on multiple technology areas as per Project Requirement, ◦ Ensure that service delivery takes place based on the Service level agreements, Develop and sustain excellent customer relationship through deep engagement and delivering continuous value by meeting customer expectations and handling issues ◦ Ensure that quality is used as a tool to improve customer satisfaction and enhance service delivery ◦ Ensure Zero Customer Escalations ensure implementation and maintenance of Quality Management Systems in the account. Ensure that service norms committed to customer are met. ◦ To organize resources required for running the account / providing services as per SLA. To ensure implementation o f processes for all services covered in the contract. ◦ To ensure preparation of process documents for all services covered in the contract. To escalate the quality issues beyond control to the higher ups & get the solution at the earliest. ◦ To identify training needs & ensure that trainings are carried out to meet the quality service requirements of the account.    ◦ To ensure that customer complaints are resolved by taking corrective actions. To evaluate engineer performance period. ◦ Responsible for the new ASP development & management as per the requirements ◦ Assisting the sales team to drive revenue by helping to qualify accounts, preparing and delivering solution based product presentations, and delivering proof of concepts which meet customer business requirements. ◦ •Assess customer's business problems and recommend appropriate solutions. ◦ Manage a team of resources and deliver various services to the onshore presales team. ◦ Manage marketing and promotion activities of latest product & solutions, able to prepare and deliver technical presentations and demonstrations to customers. ◦ Good communication and co-ordination skills with customer as well as other departments. Interface directly with prospective and current customers to effectively promote the solution/ product and identify customer requirements.  Channel Consultant (Operations)  HCL Infosystems Limited -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  January 2007 to June 2010  Key Deliverables ◦ Presently heading a team of 5-helpdesk, 1 product Specialists, 10 ASP's and 46 Field engineers ◦ Deliver and meet SLA for key clients in Mumbai ◦ Periodic review meetings and trainings for service staff ◦ Account management of Key clients through periodic meetings ◦ Adequate inventory planning for meeting SLA norms for key clients ◦ Continuously improve operational efficiency through process improvements ◦ Focus on generation of revenue through services and upgrade business ◦ Responsible for project execution/sustenance and problem troubleshooting on multiple technology areas as per Project Requirement, ◦ Ensure that service delivery takes place based on the Service level agreements, Develop and sustain excellent customer relationship through deep engagement and delivering continuous value by meeting customer expectations and handling issues ◦ Ensure that quality is used as a tool to improve customer satisfaction and enhance service delivery, Responsible for handling technical escalations, Provide technical assistance to other team members by way of assisting them in solving challenging technical problems, sharing technical knowledge and adhering to quality processes in ensuring team objectives are met. ◦ Responsible for analyzing all calls and ensuring that the calls get closed and customer satisfied Establish and enhance relationship with customers/clients and Principals. ◦ Ensure Zero Customer Escalations ensure implementation and maintenance of Quality Management Systems in the account. Ensure that service norms committed to customer are met. ◦ To organize resources required for running the account / providing services as per SLA. To ensure implementation o f processes for all services covered in the contract. ◦ To ensure preparation of process documents for all services covered in the contract. To escalate the quality issues beyond control to the higher ups & get the solution at the earliest. ◦ To identify training needs & ensure that trainings are carried out to meet the quality service requirements of the account. ◦ To ensure that customer complaints are resolved by taking corrective actions. To evaluate engineer performance period. ◦ Responsible for the new ASP development & management as per the requirements    ◦ Responsible for the Business Development through Channel partners in terms of service sale, new sale, upgrades etc. ◦ Responsible for the regular visits to ASP/ Channels for Ensuring ASP/ Channel satisfaction while achieving company objectives, targets and goals. ◦ Responsible for the Arranging the training for the ALL ASP/ Channel Partners to sharing the new updated technology & executes the strategy accordingly. ◦ Assisting the sales team to drive revenue by helping to qualify accounts, preparing and delivering solution based product presentations, and delivering proof of concepts which meet customer business requirements. ◦ Work with the client's products and handle any technical question or issue which arises during a sales cycle and setting appropriate customer expectations. ◦ Assess customer's business problems and recommend appropriate solutions. ◦ Manage a team of resources and deliver various services to the onshore presales team. ◦ Manage marketing and promotion activities of latest product & solutions, able to prepare and deliver technical presentations and demonstrations to customers. ◦ Good communication and co-ordination skills with customer as well as other departments. Interface directly with prospective and current customers to effectively promote the solution/ product and identify customer requirements.  Customer Support Engineer  APLAB Ltd -  Thane, Maharashtra -  February 2001 to December 2006  Key Deliverables ◦ Directed & lead a team of jr. production Engineers ◦ Imparted training to engineers on assembling and Installations ◦ Implemented proactive solutions for the repeated failures in product. ◦ Testing & Calibration of UPS, Test & Measuring Instruments, Oscilloscopes, Power Supply & Industrial Products. ◦ Fault Finding & Servicing of above Instruments. ◦ Placing Estimate depend upon the fault of Instrument for Customer Approval. ◦ Interaction with the Customers for above product related query as well as Internal Regional Services Offices for better service. ◦ Communicate & Co-ordinate with Regional Offices for Spares requirements and Technical Support. ◦ Responsible for maintaining the analysis report, test report & other necessary documentation as per the ISO 9001 rules & regulation. ◦ Arrange Demonstration & Training of above-mentioned products for regional engineers. ◦ Maintaining stock of ups materials. ◦ Interacting with purchase department & stores for the procurement of electronics items.  Academia ➢ MBA in Information Technology- University of Mumbai. ➢ B.E. ( Electronics) from Mumbai University    EDUCATION  certification in Leadership & Presentation Skills  St. Angelo's Institute  SKILLS  CLIENTS (10+ years), SATISFACTION (10+ years), SOLUTIONS (9 years), TRAINING (9 years), COLLECTION (7 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Areas of Expertise  Service Operations ◦ Managing Service Operations with focus on implementing policies & procedures; developing / streamlining systems; handling Operations etc. ◦ Adhering to service procedures with focus on optimizing operational effectiveness of equipment and reducing breakdowns / downtime to minimum ◦ Increasing channels in order to provide valuable services to customers within a short duration ◦ Focusing on generation of revenue through sales of Services ◦ Developing and ensuring customer satisfaction by maintaining excellent Turn around Time (TAT) for delivery & Standard Service Quality Norms ◦ Planning and execution of Infrastructure Projects ◦ Responsible for the FMS activity as providing the solutions to the customer's queries & requirements in terms of man-power resoursing, security solutions, helpdesk facility etc. ◦ Responsible for regular pre-sale management and supporting partners to achieve their sales target  Client Relationship Management ◦ Ensuring speedy resolution of queries and grievances to maximize client satisfaction levels ◦ Maintaining excellent relations with clients to generate revenues for additional business ◦ Monitoring post service activities and handling customer grievances for superior customer service ◦ Enhancing customer satisfaction through on-time delivery of projects  Key client Management ◦ Single Point of co-ordination for services. acquisition, revenue maximization, maximize realization, Retention and revenue collection in Key Accounts. ◦ Ensuring Customer satisfaction. Product penetration in Key Accounts. ◦ Working with Pre-Sales to develop Customized Solutions for Key Accounts. ◦ Ensuring the Service Delivery as per the SLA's, Service Assurance& Revenue generation in Key Accounts  Team Management ◦ Supervising and monitoring the performance level of the service staff for ensuring superior customer service and accomplishment of service and spare parts targets    ◦ Organizing regular periodic meetings & trainings for service staff for discussing current work issues and devising solutions for enhanced operations ◦ Organizing regular trainings for the sales & marketing team for discussing the current technologies launch in the market. ◦ Organizing the demos & training for the corporate customer as per the requirement of the sales ◦ Cooperate with the account team members on the competitive strategy, business plan and action plan.  Channel Management ◦ Responsible for the new ASP development & management as per the requirements ◦ Responsible for the Business Development through Channel partners in terms of service sale, new sale, upgrades etc. ◦ Responsible for the regular visits to ASP/ Channels for Ensuring ASP/ Channel satisfaction while achieving company objectives, targets and goals. ◦ Responsible for the Arranging the training for the ALL ASP/ Channel Partners to sharing the new updated technology & executes the strategy accordingly.  Pre- sale Activity ◦ Assisting the sales team to drive revenue by helping to qualify accounts, preparing and delivering solution based product presentations, and delivering proof of concepts which meet customer business requirements. ◦ Work with the client's products and handle any technical question or issue which arises during a sales cycle and setting appropriate customer expectations. ◦ •Assess customer's business problems and recommend appropriate solutions. ◦ Manage a team of resources and deliver various services to the onshore presales team. ◦ Manage marketing and promotion activities of latest product & solutions, able to prepare and deliver technical presentations and demonstrations to customers. ◦ Good communication and co-ordination skills with customer as well as other departments. Interface directly with prospective and current customers to effectively promote the solution/ product and identify customer requirements.
