Sushant Vatare SALES ENGINEER - National Cooling Tower  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sushant-Vatare/fb8e1a71ce628853  • Working as sales engineer at National Cooling Towers, Mumbai • Possess knowledge of process equipment, piping, valves, fittings & accessories • Post graduate diploma in Heat Ventilation & Air Conditioning • Knowledge of chilling plant package, cooling tower & heat exchangers.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  SALES ENGINEER  National Cooling Tower -  December 2013 to Present  Employers name - National Cooling Tower  Responsible for selling the company's products, responding to clients' queries, and providing advice and support on a range of product related issues.  Responsibilities: - • Demonstrating how a product meets a client's needs. • Providing sales support during virtual and onsite client meetings. • Liaising with both current and potential clients to develop existing and new business opportunities. • Identifying the customer's current and future requirements. • Identifying client requirements. • Reviewing customer drawings, plans and other documents in order to prepare detailed technical proposal for them. • Preparing reports for senior managers. • Offering after-sales support services. • Conveying solution benefits to both business and technical audiences. • Demonstrating products, services and solutions to potential clients. • Preparing and presenting potential cost benefit analysis to potential clients. • Delivering presentations and demos to audiences. • Conveying customer technical requirements to the Internal Engineering teams. • Maintaining existing, long-term relationships with customers. • Putting together technical instruction for customers in relation to the use, operation and maintenance of purchased products. • Travelling to visit potential clients. • Negotiating tender, contract terms and conditions.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sushant-Vatare/fb8e1a71ce628853?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   EDUCATION  P.G.D.M. in HVAC & REF  DIMENSIONAL ACADEMY -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  H.S.C. in MAHARASHTRA  PATKAR COLLEGE  S.S.C. in AB GOREGAONKAR  ENGLISH SCHOOL  SKILLS  AUTOCAD (Less than 1 year), ENTERPRISE RESOURCE PLANNING (Less than 1 year), ERP (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES  • Experience of a Sale Engineer's role in the technology industry. • Solving complex technical problems in a systematic way. • Prepare and deliver executive level presentations. • Strong consulting and needs assessment skills. • Strong time, project management and multi-tasking skills. • MS. Office, AutoCAD, Tally ERP-9, REVIT
