Mahesh Gokral Looking for job in Warehouse industry , Packing Industry ,Supply Chain Management,Purchase or Stores Industry.  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mahesh-Gokral/2270e9a86d02f0cf  * Self-directed professional with more than 11 years of experience in Real Estate, Cargo Services, Purchase and Corporate Communication. * Sound educational background with Commerce as a specialization. Diploma holder in Market, Material and Import & Export Management. Certified in Information Technology, M.S Office and Internet Application. * Excellent in negotiation and sales of Residential & Commercial properties. * Effective team member with good inter-personal skills. Potential to lead and manage a team effectively.  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Assistant Manager  Expat Properties Pvt. Ltd -  April 2017 to October 2017  • Company is Pioneered and Relationship - Based Integrated services model addressing investments in Land Business and developing construction projects. • Company profile includes of making Township of Studio Apts, Row Villas and Residence projects in Mumbai, Goa and also making of XLR8 Sports centre, Commercial Centre, Hotels, Multiplex and Entertainment Centre. • Getting individual Business from Channel Partners across the city and registrered them with companies policies and agreements. • Company has its own professional Experience team which has a strong network of Architects, Labour and Material Suppliers, Sub - Contractors and Consultants. • Co-ordinating with customers after post sales for any queries to be resolved and handover of documents to the backhand team to maintained the records.  Manager Sales  Xrbia Developers Pvt. Ltd -  September 2015 to October 2016  • Profile includes handling of affordable homes as well as luxury projects. • Taking care of 12 projects across the city. • Managing a team of brokers and channel partners. • Helping customers in getting finance from various Banks and NBFC's. • Guiding customers on documentation and registration of their property. • Coordinating customer queries with back office and getting them resolved. • Providing prompt customer service pre and post sales.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mahesh-Gokral/2270e9a86d02f0cf?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Sr. Executive Sales, (Real Estate)  Global Home Solutions Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  January 2010 to December 2014  • Profiled customers to gauge their requirement and assisted them in purchase of property. • Marketed various properties for residential & commercial purpose. • Aided in documentation process for the completion of property deals. • Coordinated with banks & finance companies to arrange for finance for residential property deals. • Generated data of new & existing projects in Mumbai through market research & site visits. • Developed& nurtured relationships with affluent builders & developers in Mumbai to increase business and achieve higher sales targets.  Sr.Cargo Supervisor-Ground Handling Dept  Cambata Aviation Pvt. Ltd -  July 2006 to September 2009  • Analyzed the UPS and Austrian Cargo shipment requirements including the documentation & storage needs. • Improved the pre-clearance & clearance tasks by streamlining the process and proper documentation leading to reduction in clearance time. • Handled the inventory reports of containers and pallets in cargo warehouse. • Arranged the staff duty & cargo materials as per the flight schedule through coordination with in-flight crew and cargo agents. • Interacted with the Custom Officers for export & import issues of A Class valuable items. • Taken care of general administration tasks, staff handling, terminal management, warehouse planning & layout, housekeeping, security of materials, improving the system.  Purchase & Store Assistant  Trimurti Builders & Developers Pvt. Ltd -  March 2004 to April 2006  • Handled the purchase of inventory items and raised the Purchase Orders. • Liaised with the internal departments for requirement of items and with the vendors for standard quality material. • Realigned the ware-house material system to reduce obsolete stock, track slow-moving items. • Initiated value engineering procedures with the suppliers to reduce the process of rejection and the associated costs. • Created a strong vendor base for timely procurement of goods at reasonable rates. • Coordinated various tasks such as inspection of material, transportation, planning and scheduling. • Taken care of ARN preparation & processing, MRN from vendors, cross checking the material with DC copy and process for payment to Accounts Department.    EDUCATION  B.com,Diploma in Marketing Management, Purchase & Stores,Export & Import Management in Marketing Management  Welingkar Institute of Management -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2011  Diploma in Materials Management in Purchase & Stores  Welingkar Institute of Management -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2008  International Air Cargo Management  International Indian Trade Centre (IITC) -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2006  Diploma in Export Import Management in Export Import Management  Welingkar Institute of Management -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2005  Certificate in Information Technology  Anubhav Computers Institute -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2005  Bachelor of Commerce in Commerce  V, Pillai's College of Management Studies and Research -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2004  SKILLS  Warehouse Management, Handling Industry, Packaging Materials, Export, Import Management, Purchase & Stores  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  EXPERTISE& CORE COMPETENCIES Handling Warehouse,Property Sales & Marketing, Client Analysis, Operational Management, Contracts & Lease Market Research, Negotiation, Customer Service, Good Visionary, Inspirational Skills, Strategic Planning, Excellent in Communication, Public Relations and Team Co-ordination.
