Abbas Parve Business Manager  Bandra, MAHARASHTRA, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Abbas- Parve/3029fb165b24f4c9  WORK EXPERIENCE  Business Manager  Wellthy Therapeutics Pvt Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  May 2018 to September 2018  Maintaining and developing relationships with Doctors via meetings, telephone calls & emails. Meeting prospective Clients, executing effective product demonstrations, emphasizing product features and benefits with focus on the value of the solution. Consulting with Physician practices to understand practices workflow needs and expectations. Ensure achievement of sales targets from the Mumbai region Build a network of high volume prescriber base, KOLs and KBLs in Mumbai region Closing sales end to end, from lead generation, requirement gathering, presentation and contract closure Contributing towards developing creative methods for innovative concept sales to Customers/ App Users/ Patients. Developing creative tactics to push for closure and reducing sales cycles Track and manage metrics and goals related to finance, revenue, productivity, operational efficiency and customer experience Manage sales operations on the ground Demonstrating ability to exceed revenue and profit targets.  Relationship Manager  LYBRATE CONTENT SERVICES PVT LTD -  June 2017 to March 2018  Maintaining and developing relationships with new customers via meetings, telephone calls & emails. Meeting prospective Clients, executing effective product demonstrations, emphasizing product features and benefits with focus on the value of the solution. Consulting with Physician practices to understand practices workflow needs and expectations. Prospecting, Educating, Qualifying, and generating interest for Sales Opportunities. Developing and accomplishing a lead generation plan including Outbound and Inbound prospect management. Negotiating the terms of an agreement and closing sales. Gathering market and customer information and providing feedback on future buying trends. Representing our organization at trade exhibitions, events & demonstrations. Advising on forthcoming product developments & discussing special promotions. Liaising with our customers to check on the progress of existing implementations.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Abbas-Parve/3029fb165b24f4c9?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Abbas-Parve/3029fb165b24f4c9?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   You are also expected to be involved in identifying new markets & business opportunities. Recording sales and order information. Reviewing your own sales performance, aiming to meet or exceed targets.  Sales Executive  Prione Business Services Pvt Ltd -  March 2016 to March 2017  March 2016 to March 2017. Description Identify valuable sellers and selection for Amazon services. Own and manage integration of portfolio of sellers and help them become self-reliant Help define the seller base and industry verticals we target for various Amazon services using geographical knowledge. Track and monitor performance and sales of key partners to manage their performance. Develop standard operating processes to scale the working of the organization Implement efficient and effective inbound marketing, advertising and promotional plans. Work with team to acquire retailers with valuable selection and establish long-term partnerships. Utilize and manage Salesforce.com tool to properly forecast, share information and ensure standard processes are followed during entire lead life cycle. Managing the seller relationship by Building strong communication channels at all levels of the seller's organization, set proper expectations, provide clear status communications, and manage towards a growth plan. Managing and driving the growth of the seller's business: Build and execute on a strategic account plan that delivers on key business opportunities for the seller and Amazon/Prione. Work with sellers to improve operational aspects of their business in providing a great consumer experience. Analyzing the business: Conduct deep dive analysis and provide routine executive-level reporting on the seller's current business and future opportunities. Publish recommendations and action plans based on data. Providing thought leadership around planning, roadmaps and execution Specialties: Marketing, Client Services & Business Development  Sr Relationship Executive  Cryo Banks International India Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  August 2013 to March 2016  Results: Description:Interacting with clients, taking feedback on products, documenting the feedback and incorporating the same in the existing products to bring new functionalities to it. Meeting Gynecologist on Daily Base for lead & Business purpose. Defining service requirements and ensuring its smooth and quicker development to achieve revenue growth. Working in close association with the marketing team on various marketing strategies and plans.  Responsible for the pre & post Sales service. Leading a team of Counsellors.    Synchronizingwith the advertising agencies & brainstorming on various brand promotion ideas so as to improve product sale. Maintaining products and other databases.  EDUCATION  diploma in applied statistics  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2012 to 2013  Bachelor of Science in Physics  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2010  Creation of Youth Leadership' University of Mumbai -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2010  H.S.C in Science  Maharashtra Secondary Board -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2007  SKILLS  SALES (4 years), MARKETING (3 years), CLOSING (1 year), BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT (1 year), CLIENT SERVICES (1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  EXPERTISE  • Sales Team Supervision • Relationship Building • Marketing • Client Services  • Presentations & Proposals • Business Development • Closing Strategies • Pre& post Sales Services
