Apoorva Singh Senior Sales Executive  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Apoorva-Singh/d6f6733d8e741d56  Looking for a career in a well reputed organization, where I can utilize my skills, and enhance my experience and knowledge in the best interest of the organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Sales Executive  NIST Institute Pvt. Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  June 2012 to May 2013  Handling Sales of NEBOSH & IOSH & other safety related courses given by NIST Institute. Working on sales leads and its conversion to business by counseling the candidates directly. Handling all admission related formalities and documentation of candidates. Arrangement of Certification/Examination classes from the beginning to the End. Handling of all major customers and their accounts. Taking Feed backs from candidates on customer satisfaction.  Associate Financial Services Manager  ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  July 2011 to October 2011  Sales of ICICI Prudential products Taping customers through various channels like Banks, cold call, phone calls etc. Handling customer grievance.  EDUCATION  MBA  Amity University  1975 to October 2008  B.Com. in economics  Lucknow University -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  2008  H.S.C. in Commerce  Rani Laxmi Bai School -  Rani, Rajasthan  https://www.indeed.com/r/Apoorva-Singh/d6f6733d8e741d56?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   2005  S.S.C. in Science  City Montessori School -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  2003  SKILLS  PRESENTATION SKILLS (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  KEY SKILLS  • Good communication and presentation skills. • Always ready to take initiatives. • Hard working with Positive attitude. • Have great urge of learning. • Always put best and honest efforts to achieve the goal. • Open & flexible to feedback. • Assertive • Love to work in group as a team and believe in teamwork.  STRENGTHS Optimistic approach towards work, Team player, Determination towards work  DECLARATION  I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars.  Address: Flat no 604, Paradise Apartment, Anand Park Complex Kandarpada, Dahisar West, Mumbai  Date: Place: Mumbai (Apoorva Singh)
