Jitendra Sampat General Manager - Sales - OPTIEMUS INFRACOM - LTD  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jitendra- Sampat/952b2172f22100ee  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  General Manager - Sales  OPTIEMUS INFRACOM - LTD -  October 2016 to Present  Accountabilities: ✓ Designed strategy for Blackberry range of mobile back in India. ✓ Responsible for setting yearly distribution volumes targets, monthly rolling plan for 3 months & ensuring timely accomplishment of target. ✓ As per strategy was instrumental setting up business in channel sales. ✓ Operated in GT with DTR ( Direct to retail) & appointed the best distributors in tier II cities ✓ Looking after Secondary Force Management in coordination with the sales and distribution team through individual targets, review meetings and rewards. ✓ Responsible to deliver top line as well as bottom line. ✓ Successfully launched range of BB in Mordern trade partners like Reliance digital. Croma, Vijay Sales, Future Retail, Planet M, etc. ✓ Appointed the best team for both GT as well as MT business.  Highlights: ✓ Ensured 100% achievement on WOD against plan in GT & MT chains ✓ Introduced a new program Clean & green Market, clearing defectives lying in trade stocks. ✓ Had participation with core team in designing strategy for future new launches under made in India banner. ✓ Ensure smooth handling of demos & display at all prominent stores both across GT & MT.  Deputy General Manager - Mordern trade  RELIANCE JIO INFOCOM LTD -  November 2015 to October 2016  Accountabilities: ✓ Instrumental in on boarding west based chains successfully on RJIL for promoting LYF handsets & JIO services. ✓ Appointed the best distributors to service modern trade partners. ✓ Responsible to deliver top line as well as bottom line. ✓ Worked very closely with service team to ensure no service gaps ✓ Successfully demonstrated Switch N Walk devices at all modern trade chains of west  https://www.indeed.com/r/Jitendra-Sampat/952b2172f22100ee?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Jitendra-Sampat/952b2172f22100ee?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Highlights: ✓ Ensured 100% WOD across MT chains ✓ Ensured display of LYF at most prominent space within modern trade stores. ✓ Bagged award for NO1 DGM for Qtr II '2016.  Regional Manager - West  MPS INDIA PVT LTD -  Gujrat, Gujrat, PK -  November 2014 to November 2015  Maharastra, Gujrat, MP, CG & Goa)  Accountabilities: ✓ Leading a team of RSM, Branch Managers, Area Managers, Sales officer, Junior Accounts and Service Executives for managing overall activities; turnover is Rs. 1000 Cr pa. ✓ Responsible for maintain top line as well as bottom line for HTC business for entire west India operation. ✓ Played an instrumental role in realignment in RDS territories across west. ✓ Worked very closely with service team of HTC to ensure no service gaps  Highlights: ✓ Shouldered responsibility of ensuring business exposure to 1: 2 against secured credit limits ✓ To keep a close watch on competition & derived strategy to ensure healthy margins for the organization. ✓ Rated as best region in last 3 months at MPS India.  Zonal Manager - West  OPTIEMUS INFRACOM - LTD -  Gujrat, Gujrat, PK -  August 2009 to November 2014  National Distributors Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd (HHP - Mobile Division) Zonal Manager - West ( Maharastra, Gujrat, MP, CG & Goa)  Accountabilities: ✓ Leading a team of Branch Managers, Area Managers, Territory Managers, Junior Accounts and Service Executives for managing overall activities; turnover is Rs. 1500 Cr pa. ✓ Ensuring the smooth business at Mordern trade retail stores within the region in different geographies such as Infiniti Retail Ltd (Croma), Reliance Digital, Future Retail Ltd, The Mobile Store, Future Group, Planet M, Hypercity, Staples, etc ✓ Working as one point contact for trade between Samsung & Trade partners. ✓ Handling sellout for entire organized trade for west India & responsible for all above mentioned accounts. ✓ Successfully started operation in MP, CG & Goa. Ensure that the team is in positive mode & always motivated to take business to next level. ✓ Training team for overall sales & operations.  Highlights:    ✓ Instrumental in bringing in system & basics into place. ✓ Contributed innovative new ideas in marketing & selling high end sku's. ✓ Keep a close watch on competition & design strategies accordingly.  Branch Manager  Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd -  Ahmedabad, Gujarat -  March 2008 to June 2009  Ahmedabad  Accountabilities: ✓ Leading a team of Managers, Territory Managers, Junior Accounts and Service Executives for managing overall branch activities; turnover is Rs. 150 Crores. ✓ Ensuring the smooth business at five brand stores within the branch in different geographies. ✓ Responsible for all divisions CE, HA, IT & HHP.  Highlights: ✓ Successfully restructured the channel distribution in Ahmedabad. ✓ Effectively appointed 32 direct dealers and met expectations of the management. ✓ Instrumental in attaining growth of 28% over 2007 in turnover & grabbing No. 1 position under X2D project all over the country. ✓ Contributed innovative new ideas in marketing; developed a new concept of Samsung Saturday which is being rolled out at national level in 2009. ✓ Grabbed best BM award 3 times in during the tenure with Samsung  Branch Sales Manager  Whirlpool of India Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  November 2004 to March 2008  Mumbai  Accountabilities: ✓ Overseeing overall profit targets of the branch and business development in new segments in Mumbai; having turnover of Rs. 96.00 Crores per annum. ✓ Leading a team of Area Managers, Commercial Staff & CFA for managing entire operations. ✓ Handling India's Largest Retail Key Account - M/s Vijay Sales with an estimated turnover of Rs. 600 Crores per annum.  Highlights: ✓ Successfully devised strategy DMDC (Different model different channel) and Managed MOP (Market Operating Price) ✓ Effectively developed new upcountry markets & increased numeric reach to a level of 85 %. ✓ Instrumental in enhancing market share from 22% in Refrigerators & 19% in fully automatic washing machines which was at 18% 13% respectively.    ✓ Introduced a new program Clean & green Mumbai, clearing defectives lying in trade stocks. ✓ Recognised by management by awarding best employee in 2005 - 2006. ✓ Attended training programmes on Negotiation Skills, Presentation Skills, Positive Body Language and Leadership Skills.  Distribution Development Manager (West)  Goodyear India Ltd -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  March 2002 to November 2004  Accountabilities: ✓ Leading a sales team of 18 members for managing sales & distribution in entire Western Region including Maharashtra, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Chattisgarh and Goa.  Highlights: ✓ Effectively nurtured company biggest Large Volume Distributor \"Punjab Tyre Sole\" and brought a comfortable situation where the profit margin was up to the expected level. ✓ Succeeded in getting a break into commercial sector (Larsen & Toubro Ltd.) ✓ Successfully developed new markets and enhanced market share from 14% to 32% in radial tires. ✓ Technically authorised to adjust the claims.  Ceat Limited -  September 1994 to March 2002  Territory Manager  Ceat Limited -  Vadodara, Gujarat -  January 1998 to January 2001  Stellar in achieving sales plan / sales forecast and functioned as Incharge for C&F - Rajkot with a turnover 1.80 Crores p.m. ✓ Effectively nurtured company franchisee \"The Ceat Shoppe\" - Rajkot and brought a comfortable situation where the profit margin was up to the expected level. ✓ Succeeded in attaining breakthrough in the commercial sector by getting 1st single biggest order of the year 1999 across country from Reliance Petrochemicals Ltd., Jamnagar (Worth Rs. 32 Lacs) ✓ Technically authorised to adjust claims.  Territory Sales Officer  Ceat Limited -  Rajkot, Gujarat -  September 1995 to January 1998  Distinction of selling OTR Tyres to Asia's Biggest Ship Breaking Yard - ALANG, Bhavnagar. ✓ Successfully developed new market by opening new dealers and enhanced market share from 15% to 32%.    ✓ Instrumental in ensuring smooth functioning of C&F at rajkot as In charge with a turnover Rs. 80 Lacs per month.  Sales Trainee Officer  Ceat Limited -  Bhavnagar, Gujarat -  September 1994 to September 1995  Functioned as Team Leader for Bald Tyre Campaign for creating awareness about CEAT in the market. ✓ Actively involved in preparing marketing strategies for the new radial tyres range.  EDUCATION  MBA - Marketing in Marketing  National Education Management -  Ahmedabad, Gujarat  June 2006 to March 2008  B.Com.  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1994
