Kshitij Jagtap Senior Manager (Portfolio Management) at Axis Bank  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kshitij-Jagtap/ee0c136450f96b5e  Retail Banker with over six years of experience across various products and profiles. Presently working as a Portfolio Manager for Pan India Retail Assets Portfolio for Axis Bank in their Central Office. Have been a rank-holder in MBA alongwith being a part of both Summer and Executive Placement Committees. Awardee of a scholarship worth Rs 1 lac by J.P. Morgan Chase. Winner of Acumen - An inter-college Research article competition.  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Manager (Portfolio Management)  Axis Bank -  June 2016 to Present  Responsibilities: • Monitoring the month-on-month portfolio runoff of key Retail Asset Products, namely, Home Loan, LAP, Personal Loan and Auto loan. • Giving important insights to Senior Management on how BT Out trends of Axis Banks' key products compare against those of other Industry Players. • Working on Customer Life Cycle for key products thereby trying to increase profitability at a customer level. • Managing a team of 15 people Pan India to reduce the controllable run-off through Balance transfer to competition for the entire Home Loan & LAP portfolio. • Set up a parallel Digital Channel for top 30 locations Pan India in order to increase efficiency and reduce the turn- around time to further reduce the Home Loan BT-Out. • Working closely with BIU to come up with pricing strategies at a customer account level. • Coming up with new initiatives in portfolio management and liaising with multiple teams, including Product, BIU and Customer Service in order to bring further efficiency in the overall process. • Driving PAN India Fee Income numbers & Net Interest Margin on the repriced portfolio. • Set up the Retention process for the Working Capital loans portfolio of Small Business Banking. • From Jun '16 to Mar '17, managed and drove the Pan India cost optimization program across Retail Assets and Rural Lending, which focused on optimizing the bank wide operating expenses by driving efficiency. • From Jan '17 to Mar '17, set up and did a pilot for a corporate channel to source Retail Asset products, which is currently running full-swing for key locations across India.  WORK-EXPERIENCE: 27 months and going  https://www.indeed.com/r/Kshitij-Jagtap/ee0c136450f96b5e?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Manager-Sales  HSBC Bank -  July 2014 to June 2016  Responsibilities: • Engaging with self-employed customers for Home Loan and LAP who have complex businesses/ financials, understanding their business models and inherent risks in order to prepare a credit report, proposing their loan requirement, allowing the credit team to make a funding decision. • Perform enhanced financial due diligence in terms of analyzing balance sheets, P&L and Cash flows statements, determining fixed obligations to income ratio, growth & stability of business over the last three to five years, impact of costs on margins and justifying their growth or drop. • Help distribution teams cater to the self-employed segment for those customers. • Manage the pre-approval stock of cases for the cluster and help them move quicker through the system by liaising with various stakeholders.  WORK-EXPERIENCE: 2 years  Relationship Manager  Retail Assets, CITIBANK, N.A -  Pune, Maharashtra -  July 2012 to July 2014  Responsibilities: • Managing 3rd party Direct Sales Associates (DSAs) for the bank's Credit Card Acquisition in Pune. • The role included the following 1. Planning out strategies for improving sales 2. Team management & acquiring new teams 3. Engaging with corporates to grow business 4. Managing Costs for the third party - This is to maximize profits and hence future business at the DSAs 5. Audit & compliance - Highlights: • Managed to triple the numbers within a span of 9 months.  Bronze medal, Sales & Distribution Olympics  Retail Assets, CITIBANK, N.A -  February 2014 to March 2014  EDUCATION  MMS in Finance  Sydenham Institute of Management Studies -  Mumbai, Maharashtra    2012  Business Plans for NITIE  Sydenham Institute of Management Studies  2010 to 2011  B.E. in Electronics  K.J.Somaiya College of Engineering -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  2009  H.S.C. in Maharashtra  Saraswati Vidyalaya Jr. College  2005  S.S.C. in Maharashtra  Saraswati Vidyalaya High School  2003  various  Jr. College -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  SKILLS  Portfolio Management, Analytics  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Retail Banker with over six years of experience across various products and profiles. Presently working as a Portfolio Manager for Pan India Retail Assets Portfolio for Axis Bank in their Central Office. Have been a rank-holder in MBA alongwith being a part of both Summer and Executive Placement Committees. Awardee of a scholarship worth Rs 1 lac by J.P. Morgan Chase. Winner of Acumen – An inter-college Research article competition.
