Shaheen Unissa SAP ABAP Consultant  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shaheen-Unissa/ c54e7a04da30c354  • Having 8 years of experience in IT industry as SAP ABAP Developer. She was involved in multiple projects viz. 3 Live Cycle Implementations of SAP and worked on Rollout Project (Federal Mogul) . Worked in end to end implementation project MPT (Mormugao Port Trust), GOA at client location and also offshore at pune for MPT. • She has worked on end to end implementation project with client Etisalat on SRM server. • She has worked for GE (General Electric Company) Support Project and Acelor Mittal end to end implementation project at offshore Hyderabad. • She has worked for NNIT (Novo Nordisk) and M.R.S oil and gas company at offshore Hyderabad. She has worked on Windows 98, 2000, windows vista platforms. • Worked for MPT (Mormugao Port Trust) at client location GOA for 7 months which is An end to end implementation so got an good exposure in port operating system.  Organization Designation Duration Tech Mahindra Limited, Hyderabad, India. Sr. Software Engineer May/2008 - May/2016  WORK EXPERIENCE  SAP ABAP Consultant  AcelorMittal -  March 2015 to April 2016  Project Description: ArcelorMittal is the world's leading steel and mining company. Guided by a philosophy to produce safe, sustainable steel, it is the leading supplier of quality steel products in all major markets including automotive, construction, household appliances and packaging. ArcelorMittal is present in 60 countries and has an industrial footprint in 19 countries.  Contribution: * Developed reports both interactive and classical. * Developed interactive reports. * Developed LSMW to upload material master data. * Developed LSMW to upload vendor master data. * Developed LSMW to upload Purchase info records. * Developed Smartform to print sales order confirmation. * Developed Smartform to print purchase order details. * Developed Smartform to print Invoice details.  Handled error in workflow.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Shaheen-Unissa/c54e7a04da30c354?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Shaheen-Unissa/c54e7a04da30c354?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   SAP Modules/ Tools: • PP, MM and SD.  Consultant  SAP ABAP -  BADI, MADHYA PRADESH, IN -  October 2012 to February 2015  Project Description: Etisalat is the Middle East's leading telecommunications operator and one of the largest corporations in the six Arab countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council, with a market value of approximately Dh81 billion (US$22 billion) and annual revenues of over Dh32.9 billion (US$9 billion)  A multinational, blue-chip organization, Etisalat has operations in 15 countries in the Middle East, Africa and Asia. Nearly 42, 000 people are directly employed by the company.  Etisalat's international acquisition program began in earnest in 2004 when it won the second mobile license - the first third-generation (3G) mobile license - in Saudi Arabia. Since then, the company has witnessed rapid expansion that has positioned it as one of the world's fastest growing operators, with subscribers rocketing around 3, 475 per cent from four million in 2004 to 141 million in2013.  Contribution: • Developed class using methods to increase the RFx number ranges based on opco code and adding prefix for portal system in SRM server. • Developed class with methods to get the details of supplier profile and updating the same in custom table and generating a email notification to the vendor manager using web dynpro for portal system in SRM server. • Developed a smartform for purchase order in SRM server. • Modified standard smartform for Bid bond invitation form \"BBP_ BID_INVITATION\" adding cover letter as first page. • Implemented a BADI \"BBP_OUTPUT_CHANGE_SF\" to trigger the Bid bond smartforms based on opco code. • Implemented a BADI \"BBP_DOC_CHANGE_BADI\" to change the purchase organization and purchase group based on opco code.  • Developed a class to download multi excel sheet to transfer the data from SRM to CLM on presentation server as well as in CLM server.  • Developed a class for generating mail for RFX responses rejected.  Consultant  SAP ABAP -  December 2011 to March 2012  Project Description:    M.R.S. Oil and Gas Company Limited distribute and supplies petroleum products. It offers kerosene and gas oils. The company was founded in January 1998 and is based in Lagos, Nigeria. M.R.S. Oil and Gas Company Limited operate as a subsidiary of MRS Group. The company has acquired a total of 426 fuel stations spread across the country and plans were on course toward branding more filling stations.  Contribution: • Developed smartforms for Bank Wire Transfers for MRS Oil Nigeria. (a) Payment made in Nigerian Naira - Local Payment. (b) Payment made in USD to Local Vendors. (c) Payment made in Foreign Currency to Foreign Vendor. • Developed a smartform to print the Request for Quotation as per client Requirement. • Developed a smartform for Physical Inventory is used to conduct physical stock counts in storage locations in order to check book inventory to physical inventory (MI01) • Developed a smartform for Operational Work Clearance Document in work clearance management. • Developed smartform for work permit.  SAP Modules/ Tools: • PP, MM, PM, SD and IS-Oil.  Consultant  SAP ABAP -  July 2011 to November 2011  Project Description: ArcelorMittal is the worlds leading steel company, with operations in more than 60 countries. ArcelorMittal is the leader in all major global steel markets, including automotive, construction, household appliances and packaging, with leading technology, as well as sizeable captive supplies of raw materials and outstanding distribution networks. In 2010, ArcelorMittal had revenues of $78.0 billion and crude steel production of 90.6 million tonnes, representing approximately 8 per cent of world steel output.  Contribution: • Developed Quality Claims Report for purchase orders for which whole cycle is done and also at sales distribution side. • Developed a Zbapi for portal to display the data in portal from different tables.  SAP Modules/ Tools: • PP, MM, PM and SD.  Consultant  SAP ABAP -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  October 2010 to June 2011  GE employees over 13, 000 people in India. It exports over $1 billion in products and services.  Contribution:    • Handling HPSD tickets as well as GMR tickets. • Modified existing production summary report which gives shop performance for past fiscal weeks. It also gives data regarding the current shop situation and expected outcome for the upcoming quarter. • Modified induction slot module pool program to display the comments entered in production status report for a given project. • Modified life limited parts smart form which gives the list of LLP information for each Engine. This form compiles the Outgoing Shop Visit Documentation Pack for the customer for each Engine/ Module shop visit and the audience will be outgoing customer records business users from the Documentation department. • Modified cost accumulation invoicing process to upload file for billing request.  SAP Modules/ Tools: • SAP ECC 6.0 • PM  Consultant  SAP ABAP -  May 2010 to September 2010  Project Description: Novo Nordisk is a Healthcare company and a world leader in diabetes care. Since 1923, Novo Nordisk has been committed to providing the best possible solutions for people with diabetes and their caregivers. Novo Nordisk products and services help millions of people worldwide better manage their condition with the broadest diabetes product portfolio in the industry, including the most advanced products within the area of insulin delivery systems, other treatment areas like haemophilia and chronic inflammation. Novo Nordisk is a world leader in diabetes care.  Contribution: • Reviewing and auditing the enhancements, reports, bi developments, interfaces and forms and migrating them from Lotus notes to Solution manager. • Used an USER EXIT SAPMF02K in program ZXF05U01 for validating vendor tax number range. • Completing the Technical Specifications. • Creation of Handling over documentation  Consultant  SAP ABAP -  Marmagao, Goa -  October 2008 to April 2010  Project Description: Mormugao Port Trust (MPT), GOA is end to end implementation project. MPT is one of the leading port in India from 1962.Mormugao Port, GOA is the premier iron ore exporting Port of India with an annual throughput of around 27.33 million tonnes of iron ore traffic. Though ore is the predominant cargo, there has been a steady increase in liquid bulk and general cargo traffic ever since it's joining the ranks of the Major Ports of India.  Contribution:    • Developed Customized screens for Container Maintenance for Port Operating System (POS) based on service order number and vessel number, fetching the Import containers details from IW33 for this containers estimating and re-estimating for the new containers added and creating the sales order with reference to the quotation number and extension of sales order bapi has done. • Developed Customized screens for Goods Movement (IN) for Port Operating System (POS) goods inward has to be done for MOHP plot and displaying the Stock Details. • Developed customized screens for Barge unloading for MOHP (Mechanical ore hydraulic power) as per MPT users as well as Agents of MPT. • Development of ALV Grid report to display the Warranty of the Equipment which is going to expire in the given period or month. • Developed Classical report to display the Vessel Shifted from different Berths during the Turnaround period. • Developed a smart form to display the arrival status of vessels for the given period of time. • Implemented User Exit MV45AFZZ for SD module to calculate the Penal rent based on days of start of period and billing to be done for every 10 days Routine - Created Routine-920 in SD module RV61A920 to calculate the % as per number of days • Created a batch input program to upload Plant Maintenance Task List for long text tcode IA05. • Property: Used Standard function module 'BAPI_RE_PR_CREATE' to transfer Property master data from legacy system to R/3 system for Real Estate through 'REBDPR'. -Building: Used Standard function module 'BAPI_RE_BU_CREATE' to transfer Building master data from legacy system to R/3 system for Real Estate through 'REBDBU'. -Contract: Used Standard function module 'BAPI_RE_CN_CREATE' to transfer Contract master data from legacy system to R/3 system for Real Estate through 'RECN'. -Rental object: Used Standard function module 'BAPI_RE_RO_CREATE' to transfer Rental Object master data from legacy system to R/3 system for Real Estate through 'REBDRO'. -Business Partner: Used Standard function module 'BAPI_BUPA_CREATE_FROM_DATA' to Create partners and 'BAPI_BUPA_ROLE_ADD_2' to create Rolls for the partners from the file on legacy system to R/3 system for Real Estate.  SAP Modules/ Tools: • SAP ECC 6.0 • SD, MM, FICO, PM, RE, POS  SAP ABAP Consultant  8 Federal Mogul -  October 2007 to September 2008  Project Description: Federal-Mogul Corporation is an innovative and diversified $6.3 billion global supplier of quality products, trusted brands and creative solutions to the automotive, light commercial, heavy-duty truck, off-highway, agricultural, marine, rail and industrial markets. The 45, 000 people of Federal- Mogul located in 35 countries drive excellence in all they do.  Contribution: • Development of ALV Hierarchical report to display the backorders that are cancelled by customers and updates the database as \"BC\". An ALV report to display the Monthly Earned rebate accrued by month for all the active programs in SAP for the Sales organizations selected. • Creation of the BDC for loading Return orders cancelled by customers in Sales order.    • Developed smartform for Certificate of origin and export invoice. • Modified standard smartform of PO layout change  SAP Modules/ Tools: • SD, MM, PP, OTC  EDUCATION  B-TECH  JAWAHARLAL NEHRU TECHNOLOGICAL UNIVERSITY  2005  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SAP Skills  • Classical and Interactive Reports • BDC's, LSMW, BAPI, • BADI, User Exits • Data Dictionary objects • Dialog Programming • ALE/ IDOCS • SAP Scripts, Smart Forms • Possess hands on skill set on SD & MM modules. • Experience on Unit testing (UT), functional testing (FT), UAT scripts and regression Testing • Worked on SAP webdynpro applications. • Worked on SRM server. • Worked on Abap Workflow.
