Gaurav Swami Sales Manager - ICICI BANK LTD  Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Gaurav-Swami/6e7777a290522b49  • A keen planner and implementer with around 13+ years of progressive experience within the Banking & Financial Services Industry with demonstrated abilities in devising business development activities and accelerating business growth. • Adroit in customer service operations for rendering and achieving quality services with the ability to support and sustain a positive environment that fosters team performance. • Significant experience in carrying out analysis; finding gaps in processes, devising a road map for enhancing applications • Efficient in handling investment portfolios of clients and also monitoring client's portfolio performance and rendering sustained advisory services for securing high return • Have gained expertise in improving the flow of deliverables (business cases, financial models & presentations) on the parameters of time and resource • Monitoring market and trends, collecting and structuring information for the clients. • An effective communicator with excellent relationship building & interpersonal skills. Strong analytical, problem solving & organizational abilities. Possess a flexible & detail oriented attitude. • Proactive leader with refined business acumen and exemplary people skills. Facilitate a team approach to achieve organizational objectives, increase productivity and enhance employee morale  Willing to relocate to: Delhi - Noida, Uttar Pradesh - Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Manager  ICICI BANK LTD -  Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh -  September 2012 to Present  Work responsibilities include: Managing five branches of Ghaziabad cluster with sales team in these branches. • Planning and execution of sales activity for enhancing the branch business as per vintage wise team member. • Monitoring the branch sales targets, conceptualizing & implementing competent strategies in coordination with the branch and the sales team with a view to penetrate new accounts and expand existing ones for a wide range of financial products & services • Joint calls and visit with low vintage sales officer for enhancing the knowledge and sales skills. • Responsible for opening CASA account through Electronic Tab Banking without rejection. • High value transaction monitoring in opened account during the financial year. • Responsible for doing the enhance due diligence of opened account during the months. • Responsible for completing the Branch targets of CASA No, CASA Values Fee, Account opening through Tab Banking and doing the due diligence with compliances. • Catchment mapping for sales officer for sourcing of business in there vicinity. • Assess local market conditions and identify current and prospective sales opportunities  https://www.indeed.com/r/Gaurav-Swami/6e7777a290522b49?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Locate areas of improvement and propose corrective actions that meet challenges and leverage growth opportunities. • Providing advisory services to corporate & high net-worth customers on funds management while maintaining relationship with Key Accounts. • Address customer and employee satisfaction issues promptly  Relationship Manager  INDIA BULLS LTD -  January 2008 to September 2012  Work responsibilities include: • Responsible for all Customer transaction fulfillments, with front desk staff and for day-to-day operations within the Branch. • Retention of existing portfolio and enhancing the value of existing accounts & corporate. • Marketing and cross selling of all products like, Advisory Function Demat account Mutual Funds, Life Insurance & General Insurance etc. (Group target aggregation of RM mapped) • Generation of various MIS, Priority Services, Client coordination. • Ensuring service levels are met as per the defined standards. • Stay abreast of competing markets and provide reports on market movement and penetration. • Operational issue related to equity investment  Assistant Manager  INDIA INFOLINE LTD -  March 2004 to December 2008  Work responsibilities include: • Generating new account • Advisory Function ( Equity Investment) • Operational issues related to equity investments • Deepening and maintaining in Exiting relationship with customer.  Accolades and achievements  • Rewarded for Good Performance in CASA NO in icicibank  EDUCATION  Bachelors in Commerce  CCS University -  Meerut, Uttar Pradesh  2004  SKILLS  Sales And Business Development
