Dileep Nair Sales Manager  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dileep-Nair/9188ec869e63ebe0  A resourceful Sales & Customer Service specialist with 9 years of total experience with strong interpersonal skills and a flair to achieve target and revenue through innovative techniques. Successful in building and motivating dynamic teams. My career is strongly built on prominent industries as Aviation, Energy & information technology.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Manager  ADBIT Solutions -  Kochi, Kerala -  March 2016 to February 2018  Cochin, India • Market research for Prospect Customers to achieve targets and increase branch revenue. • Drive end-to-end pursuit cycle for large sized outsourcing opportunities with strategic clients or prospects • Manage the outbound credit management and billing functions and collection activities • Participate and/or conduct client performance meetings/calls to discuss past collection results, batch track performance, and staffing, strategy, scoring and workflow adjustments. • Strong understanding of target business environment and adaptability to changing customer requirements • Competition analysis to define strategies that can help enable favorable outcomes • Review sales plan, pursuit plan/business pipeline with leadership to ensure target achievement • Create pricing and proposals and successfully convert to orders using strategic negotiation and interpersonal skills • Developing sales goals for the team and ensuring they are met. • Training personnel and helping team members develop their skills.  Inside Service Sales Representative - After Sales  Schneider Electric India PVT Ltd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  November 2014 to March 2016  Bangalore, India  • Proactively generate leads and work with the team, build business relationships with prospective clients. • Key role in sales, order management and finance team. • Monitor and complete Booking, Billing & collection in time.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Dileep-Nair/9188ec869e63ebe0?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Monitoring and enforcing policy in term of credit and collection control, to minimize the overdue problem and meet the DSO target • Ensure that all activities under Credit & Collection are complied with policy of the company  Dileep Chandran Nair Mobile: 91 9663445101 • Work with internal/external auditor on the issues related to Collection  • Communicating with key accounts and proposing solutions that meet their objectives. • Contact prospect accounts with new services to increase sales in order to reach the expected sales target. • Monitor and renewal of existing contracts annually with updated documents (Pan India) • Analyze overall performance of sales team in terms of achievements over the target. • Assist in creation of the yearly goals and budget of the organization. • Coordinate with contractual agreements to ensure compliance with existing policies • Ensure up selling and cross selling opportunities and record customer feedbacks.  Sales & Service Executive - Product  Jupiter Electronics LLC -  Dubai, AE -  February 2011 to October 2014  Dubai, UAE • Manage shipping & distribution, implementing in-store promotions, implementing category management and securing effective shelf and in-store presence for key accounts • Ensuring the timely collection of store receivables and arrange distribution with correct shipping documents. • Manage and resolve issues, conflicts and concerns with clients. • Manage sales performance and the conceptualization and execution of marketing based activities for the assigned account/category, shop front and promoter management. • Develop a trusted advisor relationship with clients, key accounts and customer stakeholders • Ensure the timely and successful delivery of our goods and services according to customer needs and objectives • Communicate clearly the business progress to internal and external stakeholders • Forecast and track account/category • Manage disruptions, requests or issue escalations as needed  Customer Service & Sales Representative - Aviation  Spicejet Airlines Ltd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  February 2008 to October 2010  Bangalore, India • Manage Key prospects and Key account segment to generate revenues for the organization • Communicate and meet with relevant accounts to inform about new products and promotions to achieve sales target    • Identify and implement fidelity techniques to ensure a effective business relationship with major accounts • Competition analysis to define the best practices to increase Company market quota and visibility • Cooperate with marketing to determine the best promotion sales techniques • Communicate and regularly meet with area intermediaries to inform about new products and promotions to ensure the best and most updated value proposal is timely communicated to the market  Activities: Yoga & Meditation Swimming  Dileep Chandran Nair Mobile: 91 9663445101  EDUCATION  Bachelor of commerce in commerce  University of Calicut -  Calicut, Kerala  2003 to 2006  SKILLS  CUSTOMER SERVICE (2 years), RECEPTIONIST (2 years), RETAIL SALES (2 years), LEADS (1 year), BUDGETING (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skills: Interpersonal skill Communication Negotiation Tact and Diplomacy Analytical Adaptability Customer service Decision making Manage leads Budgeting Persistence Resilience
