Sachin Kumar Academic Assistant - Jagannath International Management School  New Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sachin-Kumar/80211a4dde990ddd  To succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me job satisfaction and self development and help me achieve personal as well as organizational goals. TOTAL WORK EXPERIENCE - 15 Years  Willing to relocate to: Delhi, Delhi - Gurgaon, Haryana  WORK EXPERIENCE  Academic Assistant  Jagannath International Management School -  New Delhi, Delhi -  March 2008 to Present  JIMS), Vasant Kunj, New Delhi -110070.  Job Profile: 1. Compilation of Daily, Weekly, Monthly and Six Monthly Reports for the HOD-BBA & BCA. 2. Compilation of student attendance (Weekly and Monthly basis) 3. Coordinating the conduct of \"Guest Lectures\" for the students in the classes/auditorium. 4. Accompanying the students to Industry Visits. 5. Maintaining Student database. 6. Ensuring that the faculty members are on time in the class. 7. Preparation of Time Table under the supervision of the Time Table Incharge. 8. Preparation of Bonafide, Provisional, Character Certificates and Summer Internship letters for the students. 9. Maintaining the records of Marksheets/Provisional Certificates/Degrees and also issue of the same to the students. 10. Handling queries of the students regarding classes, marksheets, provisional certificates, degrees etc. 11. Preparation of Duty Chart for the IP University Internal & External Examinations. 12. Preparation of Seating Plan for the IP University External Examinations 13. Preparation of Seating Plan for the IP University CET exams. 14. Preparing the documentation and dispatch details of the IP University External exams. 15. Preparation of Practical Examinations (Internal & External) 16. Preparation of results of Internal Assessment examinations. 17. Result analysis of the External examinations conducted by IP University. 18. Visiting IP University to collect Marksheets/Provisional Certificates/Degrees of BBA department. 19. Visiting IP University to submit OMR sheets of the results of Internal Assessment exams held in the Institute. 20. Performing various duties in the Institute's annual fests \"Zest & Dandiya\" and \"Kshitij & Popstar Nite\". 21. Performing various duties for Freshers Party, Farewell Party, Orientations Programmes, National Seminar, JIMS Distinguished Leader Lecture, Annual Alumni Meets.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sachin-Kumar/80211a4dde990ddd?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   22. Arranging to prepare the Student ID Cards and Alumni ID Cards. 23. Performing various duties with respect to the Placement drives in the Institute under the supervision of the Head-Placement Affairs. 24. Performing various duties in the \"Graduation Ceremony\" held for distribution of Degrees to passed out students. 25. Performing duties with regard to the outdoor sports activities like Cricket matches, Football matches, Table-tennis, Badminton etc., played by students and alumni members in various Sports Complexes. 26. Managing all departmental files for NAAC, ISO & Academic Audit for collage 27. Knowledge of equation editor for typing Mathematics Research Papers or Mathematics Books. 28. Member of discipline committee in all events organized by JIMS Vasant Kunj. 29. Member of JIMS NEWS Committee editor.  Participation in Conferences/ Seminars S. No Topic Organizer Date Status 1 International Conference on \"The Changing Tapestry of HR In the Continuing Global Economic Crisis: Issues, Challenges and Strategies\"  Department of Management studies JIMS Vasant Kunj, New Delhi  HR Executive  I-Process Services India (P) Ltd -  October 2005 to February 2008  Computer Operator  Hindustan Times -  New Delhi, Delhi -  September 2003 to September 2005  in BPO Sales Dept., Connaught Place New Delhi - 110001  Computer Operator  Hindustan Times -  New Delhi, Delhi -  September 2003 to September 2005  New Delhi - 110045  National Seminar -  New Delhi, Delhi -  March 2014  31st March, 2014 Attended and Member of organizing committee 5 National Seminar on \"Start-off of startups in India: Challenges and Opportunities\" Department of Management studies JIMS Vasant Kunj, New Delhi 8th April, 2015 Attended and Member of organizing committee    6 National IT Seminar on \"Big Data Analytics\" Department of Information Technology, JIMS Vasant Kunj, New Delhi 15th October 2016 Attended and Member of organizing committee  Public Management and Corporate Governance  National Seminar -  New Delhi, Delhi -  February 2011  Bridging the Great Divide\" Department of Management studies JIMS Vasant Kunj, New Delhi 10th January, 2012 Attended and Member of organizing committee 3 National Seminar on \"Interrogating the Paralysis in the Manufacturing Sector in India\" Department of Management studies JIMS Vasant Kunj, New Delhi 25th March, 2013 Attended and Member of organizing committee  EDUCATION  B.A.  Delhi University -  Delhi, Delhi  2000
