Abhishek Tripathi ASSISTANT GENERAL MANAGER - Sales & Marketing - Shipra Estate Ltd  Chandigarh, Chandigarh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Abhishek- Tripathi/63a09a1ba6a9a66a  Willing to relocate to: Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  WORK EXPERIENCE  ASSISTANT GENERAL MANAGER - Sales & Marketing  Shipra Estate Ltd -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh -  September 2011 to Present  Chandigarh Sep 2011- Present  With a turnover in excess of US$ 38 Million and a net-worth of US$ 73 Million, Shipra Group is India's one of the leading real estate developers. It has successfully transferred ownership of over 8, 200 residential units ASSISTANT GENERAL MANAGER - Sales & Marketing * Business Development: Design and develop client winning strategies; provide leadership during real estate inception phase; implement the business development plan to achieves the targets with maximum profit and within budget. Develop sophisticated marketing strategies for the residential properties to execute acquisition and disposition of real estate assets. Responsible to actively sell high end properties and projects to HNI clients and create cross selling opportunities; generate new work from existing clients, keep senior management apprised of opportunities. Represented Shipra Estate in several International events in Dubai, Singapore & Canada * Identify existing relationships and prospect new clients, for the purpose of making business pitch. Provide strategic direction to a team by detecting growth zones to facilitate creation of new opportunities; support the achievement of their goals. Support the development of persuasive strategies, to achieve Shipra Estate's customer and commercial growth objectives. Registered sales for 225+ villa Floors in Shipra Capital City, worth approximately INR 146 Crores. * Channel Management: Accountable for developing and maintaining Channel Network of national & international organizers, investors, and corporate. Manage and appoint a network of channel partners for the sales and client servicing. Develop long-term channel management and route to market strategies to deliver a process led and sustainable growth. Demonstrate a hands-on approach for working closely and cultivating strong, reliable, and enduring relationships with dealers, brokers, banks, investors, and customers * Project launches, Branding & Networking / Business Intelligence (Marketing & Product): Develop and execute tactical campaigns and promotions to grow the brand. Conduct comprehensive competition analysis, recommending adjustments to initiatives in response to market trends to ensure the competitive edge of the brand, took new projects to market, interfacing with customers, brokers, and internal partners ensuring that the modifications and upgrades offering is competitive. * Forwarding consolidated feedback to management w. r. t product & services like sizes, pricing, placement, utilities, features, theme, demand and supply potential, USP's and others for upcoming projects in North India. Preparing supply details of local and national developers by  https://www.indeed.com/r/Abhishek-Tripathi/63a09a1ba6a9a66a?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Abhishek-Tripathi/63a09a1ba6a9a66a?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   identification and evaluating their criterion like share prepositions in terms of location, area of acquired land, strengths-weaknesses, plot sizes, prices, and percentage  SR. MANAGER (SALES)  Emaar MGF Land Limited -  Mohali, Punjab -  August 2006 to September 2011  Emaar India is No.1 real estate Company in India that is committed towards creating best in class residential, commercial and retail spaces. SR. MANAGER (SALES) * Product Marketing: Facilitated product strategy development and managing stakeholder relationships. Chart marketing inputs related to customer need, competition products/strategy input for product planning. Efficiently designed different product modules for different segments: played a pivotal role in conceptualizing expendable Villas by the name of The Bungalows in EMGF - a great success for the firm * Successfully handled soft launching of Mohali Hills, a 3000 Acres self-sustained integrated township: aggressively involved with marketing team; worked closely in optimizing the pricing and promotion policies to improve the sales through business associates, direct selling and corporate sales * Ensured the productivity of the team members as per the expectation of the company by planning activities for sales, identification of training needs and measurement of product penetrations, customer awareness and satisfaction * Achieved the sales and profitability targets for the project portfolio and developed and implemented sales plans to achieve these goals * Channelized Brokers/ Associates of Tri City market and other markets for business generation * Critically analysed the existing routes to market and worked to expand the revenue generation of new prospective clients * Identified and attended tradeshows and other business functions to keep abreast of developments in the marketplace, to find potential new business, and to market full property development services * Managed print media and advertisement schedules; got exposure to various channels of sales, direct sale, sales camps, arrange ad campaigns, exhibitions etc. * Ensured sales force competency development through continuous coaching and a robust review mechanism * Demonstrated my strong networking skills by sourcing and selling high end properties and projects; sold highest numbers of Apartments, Bungalows, and Plots along with Central Plaza and Pinewood Greens: valued at INR 250 Crores.  ZONAL BUSINESS HEAD (RURBAN)  Pidilite Industries Ltd -  October 2003 to February 2006  Oct 2003 - Feb 2006  Makers of Fevicol, India's largest brand of Adhesive, MSeal, Dr. Fixit. Fevicryl, Acron, Fevikwik etc.  ZONAL BUSINESS HEAD (RURBAN)    * Set up the distribution infrastructure from scratch to ensure direct reach and coverage of 120 towns across the assigned area * Managed a team of 4 ISIs in 13 Districts of Eastern UP & Western UP * Sales, distribution, Logistics and scheme and marketing activities for these smaller towns * Served as a reliable source of market intelligence within the territory and be aware of stock levels, prices of own and competitor's products which help in understanding the 'market dynamics' of the territory * Implemented the annual customer, and promotions plan in close collaboration with the Regional Sales Manager, incorporated minor adaptations to plans to successfully deliver the brand performance targets within the region * Ensured support in terms of implementing / managing local consumer promotions, mechanic offers, loyalty programs, managing & implementing centralized offers through sales team * Appointed 6 stockiest and 12 super-stockiest in 120 new towns identified - built the revenue to .95 crores p.a., from scratch * Set up Logistics and Transport for all these new routes. Achieved maximum sales nationwide for the month of August, September & October 2005 in Dr. Fixit - Chemical Construction  PRECEDING ASSIGNMENTS  MANAGER-MODERN TRADE, BVG  Industries Limited -  March 2002 to September 2003  BUSINESS DEVELOPING EXECUTIVE  Standard Chartered Bank -  August 2001 to February 2002  EDUCATION  M.B.A. in Marketing  Dr. B.R. Ambedkar University -  Agra, Uttar Pradesh  2001  M.Com. in Entrepreneurship  Annamalai University  1999  B.Com.  Pt. DDU University -  Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh  Post Graduate Diploma in Urban Planning and Development  IGNOU
