Susant Parida Manager (Sales) - Canon India  Raurkela, Orissa - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Susant-Parida/c58a8cfc01f4c9f3  ✓ Extensive experience in Sales & Marketing, Supply Chain management, inventory management and purchase planning to strengthen the supply chain effectiveness. ✓ Adroit at ramping up various projects for Reliance Telecom Ltd., Airtel, BSNL, Idea GSM and CDMA Projects at ORISSA, UP (E), UP (W), WB, MP, PANJAB & MAHARASHTRA. ✓ Deft in swiftly ramping up projects with competent cross-functional skills and ensuring on time deliverables. ✓ A keen communicator with honed problem solving and analytical abilities. ✓ Leading sales teams to achieve sales objectives. ✓ Identifying potential customers in the market. ✓ Comparing products/service and their substitutes based on a range of criteria. ✓ Managing the company's sales budget and costs - Estimating costs involved.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Manager (Sales)  Canon India -  September 2016 to Present  Determine annual unit and gross-profit plans by implementing marketing strategies; analyzing trends and results ➢ Establish sales objectives by forecasting and developing annual sales quotas for regions and territories; projecting expected sales volume and profit for existing and new products ➢ Implement national sales programs by developing field sales action plans ➢ Maintain sales volume, product mix and selling price by keeping current with supply and demand, changing trends, economic indicators and competitors ➢ Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies ➢ Contribute to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed ➢ Plan to ensure achievement of divisional and personal target, aligning with company sales policies and strategies ➢ Manage, develop, coach, control and motivate the sales force to develop their skill to ensure that a high professional standard is achieved and monthly sales target and KPI target are met ➢ Ensure targets are delivered through people management, performance review, reward and individual recognition ➢ Assess the strengths and weaknesses of the sales team and manage the sales program accordingly ➢ Provide on-the-ground support for sales associates as they generate leads and close new deals ➢ Meet with customers to discuss their evolving needs and to assess the quality of our company's relationship with them ➢ Develop and implement new sales initiatives, strategies and programs to capture key demographics ➢ Provide daily report of field sales success and communicate VOC data to superiors  https://www.indeed.com/r/Susant-Parida/c58a8cfc01f4c9f3?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Sell to existing and potential direct accounts as well as provide sales support to distribution partners to participate in closing and order or to facilitate and add value to the selling process ➢ Continually develop knowledge of the business climate, applications and competition for his/ her defined geography and accounts ➢ Develop, maintain and execute a territory plan ➢ Continually assess current business distribution channels, develop and evaluate their performance and manage conflict ensuring alignment with territory plans ➢ Maintain data relative to partners, accounts and activities and will document customer interactions ➢ Prepare reporting as needed ➢ Material Planning/Inventory Management: Preparing material requirement plan as per production floor needs. Tracking and maintaining inventory levels in the stores for all items required in the plant. Generating purchase orders as and when inventory levels reach reorder levels. Efficiently managing the inventory levels, for ensuring ready availability of material to meet production and dispatch targets. ➢ Sourcing / Procurement: Handling sourcing through identification of cost effective suppliers for procurement with an aim of improving quality & reliability. Budgeting funds for procurement and sourcing of materials ensuring optimum utilization of materials & maximum cost savings. ➢ Stores Management: overseeing the store management and maintaining reduced inventory levels. Maintaining the stock of material without any variance by conducting perpetual stock verification and documentation. Implementing Standard Operating Procedures within the warehouse and training team members in maintaining compliance with these procedures. Ensuring quality packaging to prevent goods from getting damaged in transit. ➢ Logistics: Supervising logistic operations viz., Sea freights & inland transportation up to factory warehousing. Coordinating with Custom House Agents, C&F Agents and other external agencies for ensuring timely clearances and cost effective transport solutions. Negotiating with transporters, shippers, etc. to ensure seamless and cost-effective movement of consignment. ➢ Digital Marketing: Forge relationships with potential clients in order to integrate partner products. Lead the execution of brand digital campaigns, strategies and advertising programs. Create and implement paid search display and remarketing campaigns for customers.  Operation Manger  India Telecom Infra Ltd -  September 2009 to September 2016  Regularly researched and created new sales opportunities in order to maintain a solid client pipeline and database. • Coordinated cross-functionally to facilitate client relationships and complete special projects. • Developed relationships, researched and built client contacts by attending conferences. • Complete Project Rollout. • Planning and Estimation of Site Infrastructure • Resource Mobilization and management • Overall administration of the Project. • Liaison with Client / Consultants • Preparation and certification of Final Bills and reconciliation of material.    • Timely completion of project within the given time frame and maintaining quality of Work at all stages as per specifications. • Conceptual Planning of the Project • Planning and Estimation of Site Infrastructure • Resource Mobilization and management • Overall administration of the Project. • Minimize wastage of Construction Material. • Liaison with Client / Consultants • Motivating and managing site personnel as team leader. • Preparation of budget, cash flow and monitoring the expenses. • Timely submission of monthly RA bills, labour bills, purchases bills. • Preparation and certification of Final Bills and reconciliation of material. • Timely completion of project within the given time frame and maintaining quality of Work at all stages as per specifications.  IIT -  Delhi, Delhi -  2014 to 2014  key member of the executive team charged  Vihaan Infrasystems Ltd -  August 2008 to September 2009  with formulating strategic direction and devising business development initiatives consistent with overall strategy. • Conceptual Planning of the Project • Planning and Estimation of Site Infrastructure • Resource Mobilization and management • Overall administration of the Project. • Minimize wastage of Construction Material. • Liaison with Client / Consultants • Motivating and managing site personnel as team leader. • Preparation of budget, cash flow and monitoring the expenses. • Timely submission of monthly RA bills, labour bills, purchases bills. • Preparation and certification of Final Bills and reconciliation of material. • Timely completion of project within the given time frame and maintaining quality of Work at all stages as per specifications.  Head (SCM)  R N Infra Communications (P) Ltd -  July 2006 to August 2008  The responsible for establishing and maintaining vendor relationships, creating scopes of work, analyzing proposals, and negotiating final pricing. Interact with Tower Operations, Development, Redevelopment, and others as needed, as it relates to construction and installation activities. To work with the business partners to prepare precise scopes of work and bid analysis that provides best in the industry pricing in short business timeframes    * Planning, Purchasing & controlling of material. * Selection of vendors, Releasing Purchase Orders, Coordinating & follow up with Vendors. * Vendor Development & Negotiation. * Coordination with customers for POs for supplies & Projects. * Coordination with regional Project Offices. * Invoicing of the Civil, Electrical & I & C Work as per JMR. * Reconciliation of works executed at site for Commercial purpose. * Preparation of MIS Reports, Customer Outstanding Status, Invoice & Payment Tracking etc. * Sales invoicing with tax Calculation. * Handling all the receivables. * Banking Recruitment. * Fund Services providing to all Project Offices. * Vendors & Suppliers Bill Clearing. * Maintaining DPR. * Supervising the technical complaints. * Bank Guarantees (ABG, PBG), LD/LC, Outstanding, Retention and MIS reports  Logistic/SCM Manager/Project Coordinator  SPANCO Telesystems & Solutions Ltd -  July 2003 to July 2006  Demonstrated excellence in handling the GSM/CDMA mobile project of Reliance Telecom Ltd. ✓ Deft at initiating: ♦ Physical verification (according to BOM) of materials at the time of loading and offloading of the vehicles which reduced the short shipment and the extra cost of additional transportation to a great extent. ♦ Handling various transporters and trying for their optimal utilisation. ♦ On the job training of sub-ordinates for documentation and quality assurance. ♦ Deputation of escorts with the tower materials to check the monopoly and manipulation of the transporters. ♦ Responsible for profitability and overall management of the store ♦ A responsibility includes maintaining of records of Receipts, Issue&Despatch of materials. ✓ Hands on experience in developing quite a sound number of vendors in different fields of the company thereby bringing in competitiveness and cost effectively for the company. ✓ Adroit at controlling the vendors by creating competitive spirit among them. ✓ Produce details designs and documentation for the construction and implementation of civil engineering projects. ✓ Organize the delivery of materials, plant and equipment needed for the construction. ✓ Develop detailed programs for the coordination of site activities. ✓ Preparing engineering calculation required for the design of projects and supervises the drafting. ✓ Coordinate and direct research development and testing of materials processes or systems related to civil engineering works. ✓ Supervising the measurement and commissioning of complete work. ✓ Analyse and interpret report on loading, labour, Productivity, quality, Material and performance. ✓ Supervising all civil activates of sub vendors i.e. excavation of earth work in foundation, p.c.c., rod binding for raft and column according to BBS specification, column casting by using templates    for tower as per drawing and design. Also doing civil work for DG and shelter foundation of the sites. ✓ Invoicing of the Civil, Electrical & I & C Work as per JMR. ✓ Reconciliation of works executed at site for Commercial purpose.  Berhampur University -  Brahmapur, Orissa -  2001 to 2001  C.H.S.E -  1998 to 1998  IT SKILLS Digital Marketing, ERP  S A BidyaPitha -  1995 to 1995  SAP and implementing various statistical packages tally. PGDCA in Aptech Computer Education.  SKILLS  SALES (10+ years), DIGITAL CAMPAIGN (3 years), DIGITAL MARKETING (3 years), MARKETING (3 years), DISPATCH (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  CORE COMPETENCIES  #Sales & Marketing, #Digital Marketing, #Strategic Planning, #Revenue Enhancement, #Multi-site operational Excellence, #Logistics Management, #Financial planning and Management, #Resource Allocation, #Territory Management, #Competitive Intelligence, #Team Leadership, #Customer & Staff Relations, #Product Education, #Research & Analysis, #Process Improvements  Project Planning & Management ◦ Evaluating project, present cost / benefit analysis at project decision points. ◦ Participating in project review meetings for tracking project progress & cost. ◦ Clarify project objectives and build realistic schedule and cost predictions. ◦ Develop detailed plans incorporating PERT charts and critical path analysis. ◦ Build an effective project team and address the conflicting demands placed on it. ◦ Implement effective reporting quality and change regimes for each project initiative. ◦ Apply proven techniques including variance and EVA to measure project progress.  Inventory Management ◦ Tracking & maintaining inventory levels in the assembly and stores for all items required. ◦ Studying and preparing plans for non moving inventory. ◦ Efficiently managing the inventory levels thereby ensuring optimum use of inventory.  Purchase/Procurement    ◦ Managing inventory levels for ensuring ready availability to meet procurement & dispatch targets. ◦ Designing & scheduling material procurement plans for indigenous and imported raw materials, OEM and capital equipments, catalyst items, process items & maintenance items. ◦ Coordinating with other departments for material requirement planning, material procurement & purchase planning, ensuring continuous supply at optimum costs. ◦ Maximize the advantage before negotiations even begin.
