Udayakumar Sampath Assistant Manager - Sales and Administration - SUDAYSHEELA CONSULTANCY AND SERVICES PVT LTD  Chennai, Tamil Nadu, bangalore Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Udayakumar- Sampath/afb7c1df8ad450b0  Willing to relocate to: Karnataka - Tamil Nadu - Andra, Andhra Pradesh  WORK EXPERIENCE  Assistant Manager - Sales and Administration  SUDAYSHEELA CONSULTANCY AND SERVICES PVT LTD -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  June 2016 to Present  bangalore, Karnataka,  Assistant Manager - Sales and Administration, Providing administration support as well as supplying of Solar products, Panels, Installation, to the client. Providing them required documents and explanation about the products to the clients / customers. Submitting of required documents to the government departments for the getting approval.  Key deliverables: General Administration ◇ Managing general administrative activities like courier and dispatch management, housekeeping activities etc ◇ Updating and editing clients / prospective client's data base in co-ordination with the business head and other Senior Managers. ◇ Handling petty cash and submitting vouchers along with bills to head office. ◇ Scheduling meeting and arranging logistic / other materials that may be required for the meeting. ◇ Sourcing of office equipment and their upkeep; assigning & renewing Annual Maintenance Contracts after conducting effective vendor rating review. ◇ Coordinating with construction team for Constructing and providing the Infrastructure for new training center as per International Standards to meet group requirements. Sales Management: ◇ My duties include generating sales leads and closing deals for photovoltaic's, solar products (street Light, domestic water heater, motor pumps, solar panels for houses, commercial buildings, playgrounds etc., ) ◇ I work with both residential and commercial customers. ◇ Additional duties includes building strategic relationship, educating customers, creating and negotiating proposals, implementing company promotions, market research and providing customer service. ◇ I create my own leads through various local events, chambers of commerce, trade- shows, exhibits, presentation, meetings and referrals.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Udayakumar-Sampath/afb7c1df8ad450b0?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Udayakumar-Sampath/afb7c1df8ad450b0?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ◇ Increased credibility and client awareness by developing technical / non-technical marketing collateral and presentations, Public relations campaigns, articles and newsletters. Worked closely with all product development departments to create and maintain marketing materials for sales presentation and client meetings.  Assistant Manager - General Affairs  MICHELIN INDIA PVT LTD -  Tiruvallur, Tamilnadu, IN -  June 2012 to May 2016  Providing administration and HR support in the Plant, plan client meetings, prepare reports, spreadsheets and presentations; manage records. Submitting the required government forms, coordinating with Construction Team for Constructing and infrastructure of New Training Center with 3 floors as per International Standard.  Key deliverables: General Administration ◇ Managing general administrative activities like courier and dispatch management, housekeeping activities etc ◇ Updating and editing clients / prospective client's data base in co-ordination with the business head and other Senior Managers. ◇ Handling petty cash and submitting vouchers along with bills to head office. ◇ Scheduling meeting and arranging logistic / other materials that may be required for the meeting. ◇ Sourcing of office equipment and their upkeep; assigning & renewing Annual Maintenance Contracts after conducting effective vendor rating review. ◇ Coordinating with construction team for Constructing and providing the Infrastructure for new training center as per International Standards to meet group requirements  Human Resource Management ◇ Planning human resource requirements in consultation with heads of different functional & operational areas and conducting selection interviews. ◇ Managing the complete recruitment life-cycle for sourcing the best talent from diverse sources after identification of manpower requirements. ◇ Identifying training needs, preparing training calendar, scheduling and arranging training programs and preparing comprehensive reports for the Management and conducting Induction Program for the new Employees. ◇ Maintaining leave records of staff, processing leave encashment papers, etc; involved in filing of returns, remittance of contribution in respect of PF, ESI, etc.  Travel Operations ◇ Managing tasks such as domestic & international reservations, ticketing, ◇ Liaising with regulatory authorities for procuring Visa and other travel related documents for clients. ◇ Negotiating special fares including group fares; liaising with airlines for special fares. ◇ Booking of Accommodation in Hotel, booking of Flight tickets and any other co-ordination; handling application for Visa / passport, etc.  Key Achievements:    ◇ Co-ordinated with construction team for setting up of 3 floors New international standard Training center. ◇ Reduced the yearly budget of the training center by reducing the unwanted expenses. ◇ Co-ordinated with Purchase team for the supply of material required for construction of training center on time and also supply of stationery and other machineries on time for running of training center without any hindrance. ◇ Maintained the cleanliness of the training center throughout the year at BIB standard level ( International Standard)  Administrative and HR Executive  SKF INDIA LIMITED -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  November 2009 to September 2011  Chennai (Outsourced employee of Mafoi management Consultant (Nov 2009 - Sep 2011) and Team-lease Services PVT LTD (Oct 2011 to Jun 2012))  Administrative and HR Executive, Provide administrative and HR support within office. Manage executive team's calendar; plan client meetings; prepare reports, spreadsheets and presentations; manage records; and administer database, Bio - data bank, employee's personal files and attendance. Achievements: * Earned good ratings on annual reviews consistently. Recognized for high-quality work, organizational strengths and exceptional customer service delivery. * Appreciation by Branch Manager for coordinating the Branch activities during his tours. Key deliverables: ◇ Managing a wide gamut of HR and general administrative functions of the organization. ◇ Drafting office correspondence and letters; maintaining insurance policies of company's assets including renewal of policies whenever due and attending insurance claims. ◇ Acting as In charge of facility management and involved in identifying, sourcing of vendors for procurement of office equipment keeping in mind the price factor; responsible for AMC of all the equipment ◇ Scheduling meeting and arranging logistic and other materials that may be required for the meeting. ◇ Making minutes of the meeting and taking concurrence from the concerned executives. ◇ Supervising and controlling housekeeping activities; involved in supervision and control of security services provided by the agency. ◇ Handling the remittance of PF, ESI Challans; involved in the maintenance of statutory registers and forms and filing of Annual Returns. ◇ Creating and maintaining employee data base and preparing a comprehensive MIS. ◇ Ensuring facility management with respect to any basic service providers like BESCOM (Electricity Board), RTO, Telephone dept, BDA, etc and liaising with the concerned authorities to set right any short comings. ◇ Acting as single point of contact between the head office and our branch office with reference to anything pertaining to admin and HR activities or share any info regarding the policies  Highlights; ◇ Actively involved in the identification and finalization of vendors.    ◇ Closely interacted with govt. & other organizations like BESCOM, BDA, BMP, Telecom Agencies and any other agencies associated with any service provider.  ORIGIN IT AND FACILITY SOLUTIONS PVT LTD., - Chennai, Tamilnadu - IT and Facility solutions company.  Administrative cum Front Office Executive  Security Department -  March 2008 to October 2009  Handled Administrative and EPBAX (e.g., Facility solutions, Receptionist etc), Reporting to the Managing Director. Results: * Maintaining the attendance of the all the southern region employee as well as outsourced employees. * Looking of 5 company's maintenance works. With handling 4 departments (Security Department, Electrical Department, Housekeeping, mechanical Department, Carpenter and Plumbing Dept. * Arranging the Hotel room booking, conference meetings, cabs, for the employees who visit to our office and surroundings. * Maintaining Tea, coffee Vending Machines, canteen, LAN /Ups, Genset, drinking water, stationery requirements, Telephone / EPBAX etc., * Checking of In bound and out bound materials with the help of Delivery challan * Telephone billing, security salary, new internet and telephone connection. * Done a full office setup for the clients according to their requirement. Handling vendor's payment process and invoices. * Arranging conference hall booking, meetings, etc. * Worked as a Front office by attending the all inbound and outbound calls and transferring the calls to the concern department using EPBAX Phones.  Chennai, Tamilnadu - Administration and HR Assistant  SYBASE SOLUTIONS PVT LIMITED -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  February 2006 to March 2008  Computer hardware, Services and sales.  Tamilnadu - Junior Processor  LASON INDIA LIMITED -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  February 2005 to December 2005  Back office Operations.  EDUCATION  M A    Pachiyappa's College, University of Madras -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  October 2002  B.A.  University of Madras -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  SKILLS  ACCESS (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS WORD (Less than 1 year), OUTLOOK (Less than 1 year), POWERPOINT (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Computer Skills: MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook, Software testing.
