Jayesh Joshi Area Sales Manager - RAJKOT have developed Industries  Rajkot, Gujarat - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jayesh-Joshi/33998dfebb39e19e  Willing to relocate to: Gujarat  WORK EXPERIENCE  Area Sales Manager  RAJKOT have developed Industries -  Rajkot, Gujarat -  March 2018 to Present  Project and Retail market For saurashtra and Kutch  ➢ Joined On: March 2018 to currently working  Working as Area Sales Manager Based at Rajkot have Developed an effective channel network in Saurashtra, Kutch Area. Working for Wires & Cables, switchgears, IP DP Products  PREVIOUS COMPANY  Sr.Sales Executive  VINAY SWITCHES -  Rajkot, Gujarat -  October 2016 to January 2018  Based at Rajkot looking after Saurashtra & Kutch Worked for Switches, Wires& Cables, Lighting Products  Sales Executive  FINOLEX CABLES LTD -  July 2013 to September 2016  First number -  Rajkot, Gujarat -  2014 to 2015  for Total Year Sale in HPL India Ltd.for Rajkot  Based at Rajkot Worked as Sale Executive  Lighting Products -  Rajkot, Gujarat -  June 2011 to June 2013  https://www.indeed.com/r/Jayesh-Joshi/33998dfebb39e19e?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   HPL INDIA LTD. ( June 2011 to June 2013)  Based at Rajkot Worked as Sale Executive  Lighting Products -  Rajkot, Gujarat -  April 2010 to May 2011  Worked as SO Distributor Payroll Based at Junagadh Looking after Junagadh, Amreli, Bhavnagar, Porbandar, Worked for Lighting Products  WIPRO LTD -  Rajkot, Gujarat -  April 2008 to March 2010  Jamnagar, Amreli, Porbandar  PREVIOUS EXP. I have run my own business of widding wires, submersible widding wire, pump, motors since (1999 to 2005)  Senior Sales Officer  MARUTI SALES CORP -  Junagadh, Gujarat -  January 2006 to March 2008  looking after Saurashtra and Kutch.  Overall Achievements • Contributed a root level of working such as appointing & establishing distribution network, selection of sales force, training & motivating them by joint work. • Achieved One no. Officer in The Fonolex Cables Ltd.in Gujarat for one year.  EDUCATION  Bachelor in Commerce  Saurashtra University  1995  SKILLS  SALES (7 years), TRAINING (2 years), RETAIL (Less than 1 year), RETAIL MARKETING (Less than 1 year), CLAIMS (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Management Skills    • Monitoring end-to-end process flows in order to ensure operational efficiency through distributors thereby achieving the Targets assigned by Management. • Appointing the new dealers & sub dealers in the Potential region. • Locating new forthcomings sites & Projects then follow up for the same. • Initiating & maintaining regular contact with electrical contractor, electricians, builders, consultants and architects • Responsible for project sales and key account business in the territory. • Implementing strategies for sales & marketing, distribution development via specific action plan. Viz Secondary Market Schemes etc, • Motivating the Channel Partners and their Team by creating new business opportunities, generating business from existing account, thereby achieve business targets.  Responsibilities • Managing the team of S.R & train them to sell successfully in retail. • Responsible to design the target of ISR & accomplish them through monitoring them. • Design the secondary scheme in the market to get the maximum result in terms of distribution of the laid products. (Lucky draw, Trip scheme, Quantity purchase scheme, Gift scheme etc.) • Claim management & ROI of distributors. • Responsible for training team of pilot salesman to sell in retail successfully • Evaluate sales opportunities in region in order to secure maximum market share. • Maintain a good trade relationship through selling efforts. • Manage & expand the distribution, retail network. • Ensure proper handling of distribution chain, service, stock, and collection, settlement of claims & profitability of distributor.
