Sachin Kushwah Territory Sales Manager - Essar Oil Ltd  Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sachin-Kushwah/ ed1caca66a163767  To explore the opportunities and work with a firm, where I can utilize my skills and knowledge, for mutual growth.  Willing to relocate to: India  WORK EXPERIENCE  Territory Sales Manager  Essar Oil Ltd -  May 2018 to Present  and handling Business Development of 10 Districts of M.P.  Designation: Territory Sales Manager Job Details: • Portfolio Management • Lead Generation • Handling Business Development in 10 Districts of M.P. • New Franchisee Appointment • Market Research • To Ensure Quality and Compliance at newly allotted Petrol Pumps (Retail Outlets)  Territory Sales Executive  Ultratech Cement Ltd -  Rohtak, Haryana -  October 2013 to April 2018  depot (Haryana) as well.  Designation: Territory Sales Executive Job Details: • Dealer/Retailer Management • Team Management/Co-ordination among Allied partners like Berger Paints, Dr. Fixit, Kasta, Sintex, Moira Steel etc • Handling rate fluctuation issues in the territory • Organizing marketing activities like Painter's meet, Contractor's meet, Mason meet etc • New Dealer opening and retaining of existing ones • Motivate Dealers/Retailers for maximizing sales • Motivate dealers to start new categories at UBS outlet • To collect the information of competition brands and their activities in the market • Organizing of Technical Activities like training, application procedure etc for Dealers and other influencers.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sachin-Kushwah/ed1caca66a163767?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Sachin-Kushwah/ed1caca66a163767?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Relationship Officer  Asian Paints Ltd -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh -  August 2011 to May 2013  and handled the projects and services in Chandigarh region.  Designation: Relationship Officer Job Details: • Retail Sales, Project Sales, services and key accounts focus • Lead generation, follow-up, closure & documentation for project sales, niche products & Asian Paints Home Solution leads, Support role & Field initiative like Remote Servicing Module and Contractor programme was also a part of the job • Manage beats programme across all firms, Improve effectiveness and Ensure impact sustenance. • Giving Presentations of all New & existing Products to reputed Architects and Interior Designers and follow up for new potential leads  Privilege Banker/Assistant Manager  ICICI Bank -  April 2011 to August 2011  Duration: April, 2011 to August, 2011  Worked as a Privilege Banker and handled services and mapped clients.  Designation: Privilege Banker/Assistant Manager Job Details: • Servicing of Privilege Customers. • Enhance CASA • Relationship Management with account holders • Sales and lead generation from branch walk-ins/mapped clients • Key Accounts Management  SUMMER TRAINING Organization: Aditya Birla Group, Duration: 90 Days Objective- To minimize the Chinese wipes market and to find out the target group for kara.  PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN DURING PGDM PROGRAM Marketing Communication:- To launch a hypothetical brand, describing the positions and strengths of its competitors, defining the new brand on the basis of Brand elements and points of differences. Service Marketing:- To compare the services of two service providers (Facebook and Orkut) and to through some light on their strategies.  INTEREST • Meeting people    • Traveling to different locations, Sports and Listening music  EDUCATION  PGDM in Marketing and HR  Jaipuria Institute of Management  2009 to 2011  B.Sc. in Industrial Chemistry  Jiwaji University -  Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh  2008  H.Sc.  Miss Hill H. Sc. School  2004  S.Sc.  Bal-Vihar School  2002  SKILLS  MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), Mis, Sales Management, Channel Sales, Marketing Management, Team Management  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  COMPUTER PROFICIENCY  • Internet • Ms Office
